I don't know if you have any interest in circling back to it, but I posted Charles Johnson calling Charlie Kirk his friend, his protege, and also for some odd reason alleging he's a homosexual. What? Charles Johnson wrote a Substack article calling, you know, with photos of him and Charlie Kirk. And I believe this is what...  the gray zone is when they say, uh, unnamed friend of Charlie Kirk in there. I believe they're talking about Charles Johnson. Oh my God. Um, wrote a piece calling Charlie Kirk, his friend and all this. And obviously the gray zone would leave out that it's Charles Johnson because then everyone's just going to say, these are lies. But if you just go to Charles Johnson sub stack, it's the first, the top thing. Okay. He's claiming he's gay. He claimed that Charlie Kirk talked to him about having gay thoughts and how if he had never acted on it, then he's just not gay. Okay. In typical Charles Johnson fashion. Yeah. Okay. The culling of Charlie Kirk. I'm sorry, Charlie. This came out September 10th. So this was...  The day of the event. No, thank you. But I will remember my friend Charlie Kirk as he was from September 15th. Oh, September. So that's, that's to yesterday. Yeah.  Yeah, yesterday, which is, I believe, one day after the Gray Zone article. But this is the culling of Charlie Kirk. That's a pretty provocative title. A photo taken by yours truly of Charlie Kirk in 2018 at the Trump Hotel in D.C. Wow. One of the last conversations I had with Charlie Kirk was about the senseless murder of the Palestinians in Gaza. But like so many conversations with Charlie Kirk, it went nowhere. The money was too sweet, swelling from an operation based on his couch to a $100 million operation going into 2024. Had Kamala Harris won, Charlie and I were planning a swift exit for him from... Okay...  This is implying a little too much friendship here. Had Harris won, Charlie and I were planning a swift exit for him from politics after the 2024 election, but he felt trapped. And besides, he had a family to provide for. A running line throughout our conversation is how he didn't want to become Ben Shapiro. Okay? There were hints of these insights that would occasionally spill out. Jewish people control not just the colleges, it's the nonprofits, it's the movies, it's Hollywood, it's all of it, he said on his show.  He also got condemned by... Okay, he's spinning the story almost immediately. He also got condemned by Ben Domenech and Eric Erickson, who were backed by Israeli-connected billionaire Barry Side and Paul Singer. Kirk was something of a protege to me. Okay, I am praying for him and his family today, but our liberal friends are correct. We need to do something. We need to investigate foreign-backed psychological operations and foreign-funded gun operations.  like Trump Jr. and Mercer-backed grab-a-gun, which was implicated in the shooting at the Catholic School of Minnesota. Okay. Charlie knew that too, but despite being an FBI informant, so he's also an FBI informant, Charlie was more or less powerless to do anything. And honestly, we need to investigate Charlie's own Turning Point USA. Careful in this election, I said in August. Okay, these are posts. Tell me more, he said.  There are a lot of traps for people being laid, said I. Keep a low profile. What sort of traps? Counterintelligence traps. Many of the wealthy people in GOP are fronts for other countries. Just be aware and awake. That's true. I will. Thank you, he replied. All right. That's just exceedingly vague.  Uh, I advised him on Israeli compromised politicians and figures in America. And he largely followed my advice, especially when we talked about Ben Shapiro, Dan Crenshaw and Ben dominance, his ties to Netanyahu. Um,  I've given other journalists some of them. Now Charlie is dead at the impossible young age of 31, leaving behind a wife and two children. The metaphor of Trump's young supporter murdered Desiree as the trial of Trump's would-be assassin, also of Mormondom, isn't lost on me. Nor is the timing.  Okay, this is just going a lot of different places. But doesn't this strike you as the type of Trump insider the gray zone would cite? Oh yeah, definitely. This is why I don't have definitive proof, but I would postulate a greater than 90% chance that their Kirk friend who they're citing as a Trump insider is just Charles Johnson.  Thank you, but I remember my friend Charlie Kirk as he was, not as you sigh up me into. Okay, what really happened with this killer? Is that even his killer? Okay. I took the photos of Charlie Kirk and Lynn Ulbricht at the Trump Hotel. This is again in 2018. Charlie committed himself to freeing Ross Ulbricht and Ross to his credit. Thank Charlie, Lynn. Why are all these people excited about these like dirtbag libertarians who create platforms for drugs hitmen and extreme pornography I mean it's just I do not understand this love of Ross Ulbricht what a hero yeah in a just society Ross Ulbricht would be rotting in prison exactly When president Trump freed Ross Olbrook, Lynn Olbrook was overcome with emotion and thank Charlie and ask if there's anything she could do for Charlie. Enjoy it. That was Charlie. Okay. Ross wrote to Charlie Kirk early on at my direction. Um, Charlie deeply was affected by this young man writing to him. Um, wow chuck is in touch with olbrick um this is a prison letter i guess i was wrongfully accused of being responsible for the whole thing chuck schumer and whatever Kirk went to bat for Ross and nearly got him pardoned in the waning days of Trump's first administration, only to have eternally General Bill Barr block him. Good for Bill Barr. Charlie did not get discouraged. You know, the other thing about this is that they pardoned Ross Ulbricht because he was a sort of, like, libertarian icon. And so you could go to the LP convention and be like...  Your weird candidates can't win. Oh, sorry. Am I not sharing the screen? I thought I was. Let me share the screen. You can read along. So you can go to the Libertarian Convention and be like, your weirdo candidates can't win, but I can. And I'm going to free your hero, Ross. I don't know. I just dislike us.  At 31, my life was taken from me for standing up for what I believed in. You believed in creating places where people could buy snuff films. Oh, okay. You know, some people are Christians, some Muslims, you believe in facilitating the sale of snuff films. Congrats on your beliefs.  And Charlie helped me get it back. So that you can enrich yourself. Yeah, exactly. That too. It's not just out of libertarian principle. It's to make it an ungodly sum of money in the process. True. Although it might be worse if you weren't paid. You did this. I did this on principle. Anyway.  Yeah, here's Ross Ulbrich. I presume he's in prison being visited by Chuck. So yes, Charlie Kirk was a student of mine. Ooh, okay. We were close. We were friends. We were good friends. I was some of the initial money into Turning Point USA, which I regarded as a bulwark against both Ben Shapiro and Milo Yiannopoulos and their predatory targeting of American youth. Okay. Of course, I didn't agree with his politics and he didn't agree with mine, though we came out of the same place, Trump 2016. I supported Joe Biden in 2020 and Kamala Harris in 2024. He stayed with Trump all the way through.  And he was implicated in January 6, 2021 in all its wildness. He pled the fifth when asked about it. Okay. Throwing him under the bus. I advised Charlie about all the strange money flowing around him, including his trip abroad and the private jet of Andy Kowalja. I kept telling him to be careful. He kept saying he would and then not being careful. Okay. One of the problems I had with Charlie was that all of this money raising seemed dangerous to me then and it seems especially dangerous to me now that he's dead. There's far too much money in politics and there's no Charlie without Citizens United.  Not exactly. Um, I get your drift. He owned multi-million dollar houses in his late twenties. All of this was a far cry from the couch he was living on. I always had a sense that Charlie was living a lie. We talked about it only once, but he expressed to me that, um, he had had gay thoughts and indeed there's a rumor running around that Roger Stone camp, that Charlie was gay.  Okay. This is a bit much. I told him that people would love him even if he were gay and that there was nothing wrong with that. People love you anyway. No organization I've ever belonged to was as gay as the Republican Party. Very true. The one true thing in this article. That is just...  Yeah, it's like I didn't know how rampant homosexuality was until I joined the GOP. And I was in San Francisco in the 70s. Yeah, I mean, it is kind of funny. Okay. And Charlie Kirk's turning point USA was no different.  In any event, he got married to a woman five years his senior and had two kids with her. I didn't know her, but she didn't like me. I'll say more at another time. But yeah, I'm not buying her act. I'm not buying her act either. I kept an open channel with Charlie anyway, and I warned him about his security. He and I spoke often about Israel and its prime minister.  There are two reasons I left the Republican Party was this weakness on Israel. I told Charlie Kirk as much. He saw my point of view and I suspect he agreed with me. I thanked him for going to Trump and stopping a war with Iran. He said thank you and that he understood his role as a youth leader to stop wars in which his charges, the young, would go to war.  Okay, another reason I left the Republican Party is that it seemed so casually cruel. Nothing lately has dissuaded me from this observation. Charlie hasn't always covered himself in glory, but then again, none of us really have. Who amongst us hasn't said things we regret?  Kirk was a bit too closeted for my taste, and many of the people around him freaked me out. I always believed that the transsexuals were deserving of sympathy, not animus. So too are homosexual friends and family members. Wow. He's both praising his student and then just throwing him right under the bus at the same time.  This is a pretty remarkable article. I think there's a more simple explanation. A gay pro-trans ex-Mormon autist, Tyler Robinson, killed a closeted gay, Charlie Kirk, with the help of some of his friends, some of whom might have been foreign intelligence. Our gay ex-Mormon autist killed the closeted gay son, Charlie Kirk, that his father wished he had had. Robinson earned the respect of his LGBT friends, and you can see that in the New York Times story mentioning the Discord channel.  But here, too, we have to be careful. It's been alleged that the very Jewish Eric Toler, the New York Times reporter who wrote about the Discord messages, has strong Israeli connections. He wrote about those here when he got the scoop regarding the Hispanic white supremacist killer. Okay, where is this going? I think I'm going to stop. I only brought this up to say that this is who I believe the gray zone is citing, and that's why they're not naming their source in the piece. So when people want to make the gray zone connection of like, oh, Israel did it, you are just citing Charles Johnson, which I don't think people should be doing.  Right. You can cite his opinions or his, you know, some connections he makes with geopolitics, but there's just the only evidence we have of a relationship or this photo and, um, a rather banal text message exchange about, you know, foreign intelligence or something. Oh my gosh.  People's antenna should go up when Max Blumenthal and Charles Johnson start making assertions. Okay. Okay. let's we only have 30 minutes until the arraignment if someone can find the i i presume this is a state court so um it is there going to be video of this someone could find like a live stream for the arraignment i i i will would stay to watch that we only have 30 minutes to go um  Look, Charlie being gay, I could see it both ways. I mean, sometimes these goofy conservative guys are in fact gay. But I just don't have any reason to believe that he's gay. I could see it.  I could see it too, but I don't... I could see it with a number of people. I mean, in the sense that it would be a surprise, but, you know, kind of makes sense. He kind of has gay face. Yeah. What is gay face exactly? Explain that. Just one second. I'm going to let my dog in. I mean, you can just tell when... someone's gay it's just like on their face they've even done studies on this i think like a yale or something they have people look at men's faces and they can most people can determine if a man is gay just by looking at his photo and it's it's much higher than chance it's much higher than 50 50 so the accuracy is something like 80 or something so is it roundness  I don't, I don't know exactly what the features are. I'm sure they could like, there's probably an explanation. Well, I know that there's one and it's like the, it's the, it's really random, but it's like the way, it's the direction your cowlick swirls. Like if it's counterclockwise or clockwise, like gay men are much more likely for it to go straight. a different direction so there's weird little things like that um probably because there's something going on in utero with like exposure to estrogen or something and then this you know there's like a there's a digit ratio on your fingers too that's likely to indicate you're a homosexual so there's probably also just features on your face that suggest that and charlie does seem to have a little bit of gay face there's the mr beast smile that he would do which i don't know what to yeah yeah he does have that creepy kind of smile and where his gums would uh would really show too yeah anyway i i don't like just making accusations oh my god just the way that chuck was like a trans mormon killed a closeted gay charlie kirk who was the son his father wish he had or something i mean this is okay  I presume Chuck is going to listen to this and he's going to get extremely angry. I'm sorry. I am who I am. I address things fairly and I just can't follow this. I'm sorry. Yeah, not a lot of evidence there for anything he's claiming.  And I do find Chuck's ability to talk is pretty... It's remarkable. He can be very compelling. And the problem as well is that he'll often really connect the dots on some geopolitical issue or behind-the-scenes relationship to people. And these things can be verified. And so... yeah i don't i i'm not i'm certainly not claiming that he's totally crazy or that he's he's just outright lying but i i just it i can't i can't follow i can't go with this just saying i'm my own man  We can talk a little bit here on the J.D. Vance situation. Let me start screwing my screen here, and I'll just run through some of these things. So this is... I'll get rid of some of this stuff here. this is fuentes on kirk a survey of the when we look at just a survey of the biggest conspiracies of the past 70 years these are just three there's always a connection we don't start with israel did it now here's how we can make it work we start with the evidence And we surveyed the evidence, and if we can find a motive, and if we can find a connection, then we can plausibly create a conjecture or postulate that Israel might be involved. What was Israel's motive in JFK? He was going to deprive them of their nuclear capability. What's the connection? James Angleton, Jack Ruby, enough said.  USS Liberty, what was their motive? Conceal their maneuvering in the Six-Day War. What was the connection? Well, they blew up the shit. Enough said. They blew up the ship. Enough said. 9-11, what was the motive? Get America into Iraq and then Syria and then Iran and everywhere. What was the connection? They were dancing. You had thousands of art students apprehended in federal government buildings. Went to war the next day. The war plans were on Bush's desk the day before. Enough said.  But this, this is why I'm skeptical about Charlie Kirk. I said on Thursday that I didn't like Charlie Kirk. He was my opponent. A lot of people that have never seen my show before said, why was Charlie Kirk your opponent? Well, six years ago, I had my first interaction with Charlie Kirk in 2019. In the summer of 2019, I was banned from speaking at any Turning Point USA chapter or any Turning Point USA event. I didn't know why. I attended a party with Ashley St. Clair in September of 2019. I took a photo with her. She was a Turning Point ambassador at that time. When Turning Point caught wind that she was in a photograph with me, they terminated her from the ambassador program.  I attended the Politicon event in, I believe, October 2019. I was physically removed from the event by a dozen police officers at the behest of Charlie Kirk. I had no idea why. In 2019, my followers began to attend Charlie Kirk's Q&A sessions at his college tour. We were much younger back then. He was younger. I was younger. It was six years ago.  almost to the day. And my followers would approach Charlie Kirk and ask questions like, Google dancing Israelis. Why did Israel blow up the USS Liberty? They would say, should it be America first or Israel first? And they would press Charlie Kirk, among other things, on why he supported Israel. Now in 2019, there was a very different Charlie Kirk than there is in 2025.  In 2019, Charlie Kirk visited Israel and said he loved the food, the people. He wore the hat. He kissed the wall. In 2019, he went to donor events and said that, you know, the people, the Larica, they really mean nothing. America's about the Constitution. And if you gave a desert island with a desert island population the Constitution, that would be America. He said, but Israel, Israel's different.  Their land, their people is holy and sacred and their nationalism must be respected. This is what mainstream conservatism was in 2019. And there were very few people pushing back against it. I was one of them. Michelle Malkin was another. The Groypers led the charge in the Groyper War. And the Groyper War, unlike these far left people or others, was a war of ideas.  It's taken a bit too much credit here. Before you came on the scene, people were talking about this, Nick. All right, I won't nitpick here, but it should be said. our greatest aspiration maybe and no i'm not referring to me a few years earlier obviously there are many others my greatest professional aspiration for the past six years was to debate charlie kirk yes pat buchanan enters the chat and many others many sort of pre-internet pre-social media wasp who toiled in obscurity writing books that a few hundred people read but who just sort of laid out all this stuff so i don't know it's just i don't want to dwell on this it's not a big deal to be honest to confront him in a debate on this issue in particular that was my grievance with charlie kirk And for years, my perception of him, and this was also the reality, is that although I believe his heart was in the right place and I think that he was the defender of the truth on some other issues or came to be a defender of the truth on other issues, I do believe that he was complicit in the Israeli capture of the right wing for a very long time. And  That is unfortunately just the truth. And as much as we can grieve and as much as we can mourn and we can say that obviously he did not deserve what happened to him, we cannot fall into the trap of creating a mythology that does not reflect reality. It is true that for year after year, Turning Point USA grew and grew.  with sponsorship from Israeli, pro-Israel, Jewish, Zionist donors. And they did this because Turning Point USA was an extremely pro-Israel organization. And anybody that has ever been in Turning Point USA will tell you that same thing. They give you a box of stickers and buttons and posters, and many of them say things like, Socialism sucks. and enjoy capitalism and many of them say support israel many of them say i heart israel and as we all know turning point usa was part of the conservative activist enterprise which was funded to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars by jewish donors to indoctrinate young american conservatives with a pro-israel ideology  alongside Prager University, alongside Daily Wire, alongside many other similar projects. That's the pretext under which it was founded with Foster Fries' money. And that's how it was right up until last week and to today. So this is why I say...  I find it very unconvincing and very unlikely that Israel killed Charlie Kirk. And the reason why I find it almost ridiculous is, as I said, because for the past six years, that has actually been the cleavage issue. That has been the subject that I have fought Charlie Kirk and Turning Point USA on for the better part of my career for nearly a decade.  That is why I was not permitted into his events. That is why he refused to debate me.  That is why he characterized me as a bad faith troll, among other things. That was the reason for our initial conflict. And I don't want to relitigate all of it, but this has become the subject of careful scrutiny. There is a question now, who killed this man? Was it his enemies on the left? Was it his enemies on the right? Was it his enemies closest to him, perhaps the Zionist donors? I don't say any of this.  For any reason, obviously, dead men tell no tales. I do not say this to speak ill of the dead. I do not say this to get my two cents in. I say this for the record. This is the record of history. That was our ideological and professional conflict. That was our feud. And the tragedy on Wednesday, it doesn't change that history. Yeah. Very good.  I am pleasantly surprised that Nick said this actually. It's funny because it's all the people that are trying to be like Nick that are really jumping on this. Like Sam Hyde or who are some of these other people? Like the guy who promoted the idea at the beginning. And it's all like, oh yeah, Israel must have killed him, which is totally incoherent when you think that they're also claiming that the left killed him because they hate all white people. It's like, which one is it?  I don't know. I wanted to watch maybe a little bit of Sam Hyde's video. I've grown to just hate this kind of stuff. But let's go through this.  but it is funny. It's like being a leader means you're out in front and like, you're not like, it's, it's just fascinating that all of the kiddos who want to be Nick Fuentes are jumping on this line because it's just so obvious. It's just right there, ready to be taken, blame Israel, et cetera. And Nick's not, he's resisting it. Very interesting. Um,  This is here. I'll share my screen again. So this is Tucker on the J.D. Vance show. I've got to find the opening to J.D. Vance. He's like, hello, everybody. It's J.D. Vance. It's the way he speaks.  It's very funny. Let me just, I'm just gonna open up a new section here. JD Vance Kirk opener. Oh, okay, hold on. I think I'm actually, let me keep that up there. Do you guys want me to read from the indictment or do you want me to go into the conservative reaction? No answer. Okay. Let me just find the opener of the show. It was just so funny.  This is getting passed around as well. I just wanted to find the opener. Now the most important truth Charlie told is this, that long ago a man, begotten, not made, came down from heaven and by the Holy Spirit was incarnate of the Virgin Mary and became man. For our sake, he was crucified under Pontius Pilate and suffered death and was buried and rose again on the third day. Charlie believed, as I do, that all the truth he told flowed from that fundamental principle.  It's not a principle, it's a story. And you support capitalism because of that story? That's bizarre. Or whatever you support. It's like J.D. Vance is like an aging youth pastor. Pastor J.D. Just dance, Vance.  I can't believe this is happening. This is the Vice President of the United States. This also struck me of interest while we're on the JD section.  This is a video of how he's defending Charlie Kirk. And he's, of course, bashing the left for making Charlie out to be racist. The writer accuses Charlie of saying, and I quote, black women do not have brain processing power to be taken seriously. But if you go and watch the clip, the very clip she links to, you realize he never said anything like that. He never uttered those words. If we would have said that Joy Reid and Michelle Obama and Sheila Jackson Lee and Katanji Brown Jackson were affirmative action picks, we would have been called the racist. But now they're coming out and they're saying it for us. They're coming out and they're saying, I'm only here because of affirmative action. Yeah, we know. You do not have the brain processing power to otherwise be taken really seriously.  You had to go steal a white person's slot to go be taken somewhat seriously. The writer accuses... I mean, this is just pure Southern strategy. I mean, because it's Southern strategy even in the denial. If you go and look at the video, you see that he said nothing like that at all. yeah he didn't literally say that black women lack the processing power he just said that these black women lack the processing power and he heavily implied that they're all dumb and we know that all black women are dumb too that's what he's implying and messaging so obviously that's what he's doing  I just find it like you want to split. It's also this fallacious argument of splitting hairs on one little thing and then claiming that it had nothing to do with that. He was praising the brain processing power of black women at the time. You're just a liar. It's such a misrepresentation. Obviously, he was engaging in race baiting. Ugh. Anyway.  It's pretty clear when he says, too, that you had to steal it from a white person. Like, that's pretty explicit. It's not like he said you stole it from a deserving black lady. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Like you could sort of get away with it and say like, well, you know, there's deserving minorities that could have had this. But no, he's explicitly stating you must have stolen it from a white because obviously whites do have the brain processing power and you, a black, couldn't possibly have that. Yeah. So again, this is just the Southern strategy. This is race baiting where it's all about the bait.  And it doesn't really go anywhere. This is not even something particularly new with Charlie Kirk. You hear this kind of talk, affirmative action talk, you could definitely hear in the 1990s. It's an old tradition. Charlie Kirk was a Republican hack. He was educated on talk radio.  This is right out of Rush Limbaugh as well. And again, did Charlie Kirk go to college? No. Did he have some sort of canonical education? I don't know, outside of maybe some Bible verses and Rush Limbaugh. Okay. Okay.  I could dunk on that stuff all day. I think I just won't. Why don't we go... Let me look at this and...  Okay. This is a guy who I've been following. He's definitely Adam Cochran, definitely liberal guy, but he has been, I found him very useful and insightful. In fact, the charging document of Tyler Robinson and the Charlie Kirk case has been filed in Utah. Here's what's important and what's notably missing from the document. Okay, so Utah County, state of Utah, I think he's highlighting that to emphasize this is not a federal case. Count one, aggravated murder.  a capital felony in violation of Utah code, blah, blah, blah. And that on September 10th, 2025 in Utah County, the defendant, Tyler Jaden Robinson, intentionally or knowingly caused the death of Charlie Kirk under the following circumstances. The defendant knowingly created a great risk of death to another individual other than Charlie Kirk and the defendant. Okay. Okay. Conviction of this offense may carry the death penalty or pursuant to Utah code 76, blah, blah, blah, a mandatory term of imprisonment for life without parole or an indeterminate term of no less than 25 years. And that may be for life. Okay. Let me go back to this here. Okay. Two of 22. Okay. um first off it's only a state filing so far and based on the findings presented within it may be hard for them to pursue a federal case they seem like they may try for the hate crime angle but it's a long shot They specifically argue that one of the enhanced aggravating factors was targeting Kirk for his political expression, which, as we'll see later in the document, is actually a bit dubious. So this will likely get challenged, but it tells us what narrative they're pushing. Let's just read this. Victim targeting enhancement in violation of Utah code, blah, blah, blah. selected Charlie Kirk because of Tyler James Robinson's belief or perception regarding Charlie Kirk's political expression okay I'll keep reading in the document we learn he surrendered to the police confirming that it was not messages from a trans lover who turned him in and not the work of the FBI this will be used by defense to seek leniency and protect against the death penalty definitely true They note a UVU police officer rushed to where he thought the shot came from to look for evidence, but we know the crime scene wasn't locked down for ages. Interesting. They note that his roommate was in a relationship with Tyler, but notice they claim...  A witch claim they drop. The entire trans narrative is gone. So Tyler and his roommate were gay or bi and in the closet in Mormon, Utah. And so the entire trans narrative was political BS. Police interviewed Robinson's roommate, a biological male who was involved in a romantic relationship with Robinson. The roommate told police that the roommate received messages from Robinson about the shooting and provided those messages to police. I had the opportunity to take out Charlie Kirk, and I'm going to take it. Police found a photograph of this note. Oh, okay. This is crazy. So he left a note for his roommate. Okay. They also claim police found a photograph of the note Tyler left, but one challenge for them will be that on TV, Patel said the contents of the note were revealed via aggressive interrogation posture. The defense will claim it unadmissible on coercion. Yeah, we talked about that. Later we see in Tyler's own words that he did it because he was sick of his hate, not specific political ideology. That's why the claimed political ideology angle won't merit a federal hate crime. Yeah, I mean, you know, this was something that I was thinking about, but I didn't mention when we were reading these things. So don't you think there's something particularly Mormon-y about  about like the never Trumpers in 2016. where it really was for them, and you could see this in the Midwest, too, but for them, it really was about, like, you're being rude, sir, you know? Like, it's almost like that's what it was about more than anything ideological. Yes. And, you know, it's like it really was about tone. They were, in fact... The tone police, like liberal white women that conservatives rant about, like those are the Mormons. And Trump struggled in Utah in 2016, and Utah was the home of, what was his name, like Egg McMuffin? Yeah, Egg McMuffin.  Ed McMullen? Ed McMullen or something. Yeah. The like bald, large cranium former CIA agent who came out of nowhere to run for president. But I think the idea was that, you know, you just don't do that, sir. And, you know, Glenn Beck was anti-Trump at the beginning. It's all very funny. I wonder if, just throwing this out, I wonder if he like it in the in the mind of Tyler Robinson like Charlie Kirk was going out there being rude to blacks and and in gays like you know they're just too much hate it's almost like he killed him out of an a zealous politeness or something Yeah, it's like that video I sent you on TikTok where this girl is talking about Mormon blood atonement. Yeah. And how if they feel that someone has just sinned so much, the only way for them to get into heaven is they have to, like, spill blood. And so there's these Mormons who have, like, in a sense, like, almost, like, honor killed people. Like, they have to, like, violently kill them, like, in order to, like, save their soul. Yeah. Yeah, so to reiterate, if you're like a murderer or something, you've killed what I guess in Catholicism would be like a cardinal sin. There's no way out of this one. Protestants don't believe that, by the way, but in some traditions, something just so egregious. But in Mormonism, there's like an escape clause that if you die in an insanely bloody fashion, then you're let into Mormon heaven and get a planet. There's three levels of heaven. And then in the top level of heaven, there's even three sub levels in that. So no, you won't get a planet because you won't be exalted. But you will get to go to heaven instead of like the outer darkness. Well, that's good. hell but yeah apparently like in utah it's common for people on death row to ask to be uh killed by firing squad um as a sort of way to get their blood atonement so that they can still go to i guess level the low level of heaven wow  And so it is a kind of Valhalla-like concept, basically. Yeah. Wow. That is an escape clause. Like, you can just be... If you die in a brutal fashion, you're saved from the Dark Crystal. Yes, exactly. You're saved from the Labrubu.  Um... um okay i'll keep reading here later we see in tyler's own own words that he did it because he was sick of his hate not specific political ideology yeah um i already read that nine at 22 the the messages also note the bullets were memes almost sounding like they may have been engraved at an entirely separate time unrelated  Yeah. They were not pro-trans Antifa leftist ideology, and the FBI had these texts while Patel was still repeating that claim.  Yeah, it is interesting. We also see in his own words the intent to turn himself in, something that defense will use to push back on any attempt at the death penalty. Yeah, that is true. We also see the supposed claims of being a leftist came from Tyler's mother and based solely on his shift on pro-LGBTQ issues. and that the claim the roommate was transitioning also only cited the mother and not anyone else or any other evidence.  had started to learn more. Robinson mother explained that over the last year or so, Robinson had become more political and it started to lean more to the left, becoming more pro-gay and trans rights oriented. She stated that Robinson began to date his roommate, a biological male who was transitioning genders. Okay, but he's claiming that that is left out. Yeah, I've never been positive that Tyler, not Tyler, Lance Twiggs was...  was transitioning. He used the username Luna, but I don't know what that means. I guess also maybe in these like Mormon country, like being pro-gay means that you're a communist or something. It's funny. His mom is doing a little bit of the duckbill face while he's autistically staring ahead. Oh my God. Okay. Hold on. Is this actually him?  What is this? That's just like a historic photo of log cabin Republicans. Okay. Note, a MAGA Republican mother isn't the one who gets to tell you if someone has decided to transition or not, and her not understanding her son's gay relationship or that log cabin Republicans exist is not surprising. Okay. All right. This Adam guy's a liberal, you know, whatever.  So this document makes clear a few things. While Tyler enjoys a presumption of innocence, if these communications exist, he is likely the shooter and would likely be convicted. I actually agree with that. Again, if this stuff is real, this looks very bad. Yeah. Cash Patel wildly bungled this investigation, lied on TV about things they already knew to be untrue, and has put in jeopardy serious parts of this case. Correct. They constructed a political narrative to try and pursue an unfounded federal case. The claims of the roommate being trans and Tyler being a leftist stem from one ignorant political source and not from hard evidence or Tyler himself. That came from Steven Crowder that was leaked the shell casing idea. And it was like, this is Antifa and pro-trans stuff. And then that's when Megyn Kelly went on. It was like, to no one's surprise, trans did this.  Tyler had one issue he cared about, and that was being hated on for his sexuality.  I'm not sure you can definitively conclude that, although, you know, fair. Tyler acted alone, and the FBI knew this even when they were talking to the press about conspiracies with leftist orgs. Tyler turned himself in willingly. That is often sufficient enough to remove the death penalty from an aggravated case. Interesting. Interesting. Okay, I think you can still investigate this, but I think what Adam Cochran's reacting to is like the just zealous overstatement by conservatives of like, the entire left did this. Yes. The aggregating factors here claiming political targeting are at best shoddy, not only because Tyler never said that was his motivator, but because hate against a protected class, LGBTQ, wouldn't be considered a political view.  Okay. The document leaves out all other political background from Tyler. We notably hear nothing of the evidence from his computer about what shows he watched, what news he followed. We only get it through the lens of his political mother. That is true, and I think your Gen X mother might just sort of misunderstand you. you know i love my gay son type stuff uh so we have a young gay man in mormon utah brought up in a household that celebrates guns hated on for what he loved he snaps and kills someone who in his view spread hate about him he then turned himself in FBI would have had a clear-cut case for murder on that, but instead they fanned the flames of hatred, took the mother's unbiased views as gospel, and blatantly spun stories about Antifa bullets when they already had text messages just proving that We learned that Tyler should likely be convicted for his crime, but more importantly, we learned that the political bullshit from the FBI attempted to cause chaos and hatred because inexperienced fools were more interested in political rhetoric than fact. Okay. Someone said the arraignment slide in the chat. Oh, okay. Let's watch this. NBC News. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry, under Rule 8B and Rule 8C for a counsel appointment in a case where death may be a sentencing option. I'm ordering that those declarations be filed prior to the next hearing date, which is set for September 29th at 10 a.m.  Mr. Robinson, I also wish to inform you of your rights against self-incrimination. Anything that you say in court today could be used against you, and we want to protect your constitutional rights. Mr. Robinson, at this time, you will remain in custody without bail. Mr. Skortis, is there any other points that you wish to address? No, thank you very much, Your Honor. Turning to the state.  Yes, Your Honor, Chad Grunander for the state. I'm also joined and they're listed as attendees, Ryan McBride, Lauren Hunt, David Sturgill and Chris Ballard. We are the trial team on this case. I do have a few points I'd like to bring up with Your Honor. We have filed a pretrial protective order on behalf of Erica Kirk. We would ask the court to review that. It should be in your queue, Your Honor, and sign that.  Thank you. I have reviewed the pretrial protective order and will be grants issuing this pretrial protective order in favor of Erica Kirk. Is there any other business that we need to address today, counsel? Just for the court's information, we did file just recently within the last few minutes a notice of intent to seek the death penalty that was filed by Utah County attorney, Jeff Gray. So that should be in the court's file.  Um, lastly i would just indicate uh to the court answer at this point mr robinson that uh we are prepared to uh collect all of the discovery in this matter and get that turned over to the defense as soon as possible rule 16 requires us to provide what we have relied on in charging the information and bringing these charges within five days uh once it's requested so that'll be prepared to disseminate to the defense as soon as possible  Thank you, Mr. Grander. Mr. Robinson, what I also want to do is you have the right to have the charges read that you stand charged of. And I wish to read those to you at this time. Thank you. Mr. Robinson, for count one, aggravated murder, a capital felony in violation of Utah code annotated 76-5-202 in that on September 10th, 2025 in Utah County, the defendant, Tyler James Robinson, intentionally or knownly caused the death of Charlie Kirk under the following circumstances. The defendant knowingly created a great risk of death to another individual  other than Charlie Kirk and the defendant. Notice conviction of this offense may carry the death penalty for pursuant to Utah code 763-207.7, a mandatory term of imprisonment for life without parole, or an indeterminate term of not less than 25 years that may be for life. Victim targeting enhancement in violation of Utah code annotated 76 dash 3 dash 203.14 sub to Tyler James Robinson intentionally selected Charlie Kirk because of Tyler James Robinson's belief or perception regarding Charlie Kirk's political expression. Notice, if the trier of fact finds beyond a reasonable doubt that the victim targeting enhancement applies, the sentencing judge or the Board of Pardons and Parole shall consider the defendant's selection of the victim as an aggravating factor. violent offense committed in the presence of a child aggravating factor the sentencing judge or the board of pardons and paroles shall consider as an aggravating factor in their deliberations that the defendant committed a violent criminal offense in the presence of a child count two felony discharge of a firearm causing serious bodily injury a first degree felony in violation of utah code annotated 76-11-210 sub 2 and 3c in that on september 10th 2025 in utah county The defendant, Tyler James Robinson, discharged the firearm in the direction of Charlie Kirk, knowing or having reason to believe that Charlie Kirk may be endangered by the discharge of the firearm and that the act caused serious bodily injury to Charlie Kirk. Victim targeting enhancement in violation of Utah code annotated 76 dash 3 dash 203.14 sub to Tyler James Robinson intentionally selected Charlie Kirk because Tyler James Robinson's belief or perception regarding Charlie Kirk's political expression. Notice if the trier of fact finds beyond a reasonable doubt that the victim targeting enhancement applies. The sentencing judge or the Board of Pardons and Parole shall consider the defendant's selection of the victim as an aggravating factor. Violent offense committed in the presence of a child aggravating factor. The sentencing judge or the Board of Pardons and Parole shall consider an aggravating factor in their deliberations. that the defendant committed a violent offense in the presence of a child count three obstruction of justice a second degree felony in violation of utah code annotated 76-8-306 sub 2 in that on september 10th 2025 in utah county the defendant tyler james robinson with intent to hinder delay or prevent the investigation apprehension prosecution conviction or pursuant to any person regarding conduct that constitutes a criminal offense conceal or remove the firearm used to shoot charlie kirk and the conduct that constitutes an offense would be a capital felony or a first degree felony count for obstruction of justice a second degree felony in violation of utah code 76-8-306 sub 2 in that honor about september 11 2025 in utah county the defendant tyler james robinson with an intent to hinder delay or prevent the investigation, apprehension, prosecution, conviction, or punishment of any person regarding conduct that constitutes a criminal offense, destroyed, concealed, or removed the clothing he wore during the shooting, and the conduct that constitutes an offense would be a capital felony. or first degree felony count five tampering with a witness a third degree felony in violation of utah code annotated 76-8-508 in that on or about september 10th 2025 in utah county the defendant tyler james robinson believed that an official proceeding or investigation was pending or about to be instituted or intended to prevent an official proceeding or investigation and attempted to induce or otherwise cause his roommate to withhold testimony information a document or an item to it directing his roommate to delete incriminating text messages count six tampering with a witness a third degree felony in violation of utah code annotated 76-8-508 in that honor about september 11th 2025 in utah county the defendant Tyler James Robinson believed that an official proceeding or investigation was pending or about to be instituted or intended to prevent an official proceeding or investigation and attempted to induce or otherwise cause his roommate to withhold testimony or information to wit, directing his roommate to stay silent if the police question the roommate. Count seven, violent offense committed in the presence of a child, a class A misdemeanor in violation of Utah code annotated 76-3-203.10 sub 2 and 76-3-203.14 sub 3A. in that on or about September 10, 2025 in Utah County, the defendant, Tyler James Robinson, committed criminal homicide in the physical presence of a child younger than 14 years of age with knowledge that a child was present and that may have been seen or heard the commission of the criminal homicide. Victim targeting enhancement in violation of Utah code annotated 76-3-203.14 sub 2, Tyler James Robinson intentionally selected Charlie Kirk because of Tyler James Robinson's belief or perception regarding Charlie Kirk's political expression. That concludes reading the information. Mr. Robinson, this case is set For September 29th at 10 a.m., it will be a waiver hearing, and I will be the judge assigned to this case. Mr. Robinson, I invite you to join us at that time. Is there anything further, counsel? No, I will have counsel appointed by then. Thank you. Mr. Gurinder, anything further? One item, just for clarification, Your Honor. The hearing on the 29th, is that in person or WebEx?  Thank you. That is a great question. It will be via WebEx. Okay. Thank you, Judge. All right. I want to thank all parties for being here. And this concludes this hearing at this time. Court is in recess. All right. Interesting. So he did not offer a plea. Unless I missed something.  Let me just see. Okay. Interesting. I guess you don't have to plead guilty or not guilty. You'll do that a little bit later. I just, I don't know.  Tyler Robinson also didn't speak. So we can go. We've been going for three hours or so. But I just wanted to say this just to sort of get it off my chest. And here I'm changing subjects a little bit. But the evocation of hate speech is...  really just incredible. And let me just play some of the things that have been said. I was highlighting these on my Twitter feed, but here is Pam Bondi last night. It's free speech, but you shouldn't be employed anywhere if you're going to say that. And employers, you have an obligation to get rid of people. You need to look at people who are saying horrible things and they shouldn't be working with you. Businesses  cannot discriminate. If you want to go in and print posters with Charlie's pictures on them for a vigil, you have to let them do that. We can prosecute you for that. I have Harmeet Dillon right now in our civil rights unit looking at that immediately that Office Depot had done that. We're looking at that. But Sean, you know, that's horrific. It's free speech that you shouldn't be employed in.  Let me just play some of these before I comment. Here is Donald Trump talking about hate speech, and he does it in the most Trumpian way possible. And what do you think Pam Bondi is saying she's going to go after hate speech? Is that, I mean, a lot of people, a lot of your allies say hate speech is free speech. She'll probably go after people like you because you treat me so unfairly. It's hate. You have a lot of hate in your heart.  Maybe they'll come after ABC. Well, ABC paid me $16 million recently for a form of hate speech, right? Your company paid me $16 million. for a form of hate speech so maybe they'll have to go after you look we want everything to be fair it hasn't been fair and the radical left has done tremendous damage to the country but we're fixing it we have right now the hottest okay the hottest country he he's also sued the new york times for 15 billion dollars i i just saw this last night i saw some of the opening pages of this lawsuit and it's like a news max segment basically uh here is pam bondy again uh this is in an interview so they're really pressing this like this is on their agenda there's free speech and then there's hate speech and there is no place especially now especially after what happened to charlie in our society Do you see more law enforcement going after these groups who are using hate speech and putting cuffs on people? Okay, so this is the Katie Miller podcast. This is Stephen Miller's wife. Everyone has a podcast. Using hate speech and putting cuffs on people so we show them that some action is better than no action. We will absolutely target you, go after you, if you are targeting anyone with hate speech, anything. And that's across the aisle. There's free speech and then there's hate speech. I find this just unbelievable. so i can remember back in 2017 and this was before charlottesville or anything like that and there were kind of competing events it was a free speech event and there was an alt-right event and there was like an alt-light event and the alt-light event included jack basobiac and laura loomer and all this kind of stuff and  I remember Jack Basobiak said that free speech ain't hate speech.  which was one way of codifying it. Uh, he basically, okay. Someone just posted this. I'll read this in a bit. Um, so someone just posted this in the chat. Bondi clarifies hate speech won't be prosecuted. Okay. Maybe someone just cracked down on her, but let me go back to the story. Um,  Jack Posobiec held up a sign, free speech ain't hate speech. And so I think how you take that is that my speech ain't hate speech. What I'm saying is not hateful, but it's also presuming the existence of something called hate speech. Now, I said at the time that what you should say is that hate speech is free speech, and it is. The fact is you have a right to drop in bombs under the Brandenburg conception of the Supreme Court. You have a right to say one day we should round up all of Congress and hang them from lampposts. You have the right to say that.  Now, you can't say something like, get over here, I'm going to kill you. That's a direct threat. The danger is immediate. There are limits to these things. You can't use your speech in a way that you're encouraging someone to commit violence. I could go on and on. But it's pretty lenient. You can say some bold, insane stuff. um under the brandon burgh conception and it wasn't always like this uh there were sedition acts multiple sedition acts throughout the country oliver wendell holmes i believe this is where he dropped the line of you can't cry uh fire in a crowded movie theater but he affirmed the sedition act until a year later dissented from the sedition act the sedition act was used against  Bolshevik anarchist types distributing pamphlets. He affirmed it and then changed his mind and dissented from an overall decision that was affirming the case in which he said that America is a kind of social experiment. We don't know who's right, and so we've got to play it out, a sort of libertarian conception, a marketplace of ideas conception. Later on, as time went on, the Supreme Court slowly moved towards the concept that was laid out in Oliver Wendelholm's dissent. Very interesting. Brandenburg's a very key one. He was a white supremacist who I think said something to the effect, you know, one day we're going to round them all up. Yeah.  I even can object to the notion that you shouldn't be employed if you say hateful things. Because not being employed sort of means that you have no life. What, you're at a soup kitchen all day? You're on welfare just getting by? Or you're dead? Is that what she means?  I mean, it's, it's just an extreme thing to say. You should never be employed. If you're hateful hate being vaguely defined. Does anyone really care about like someone who works at Home Depot, who listens to heavy metal albums and thinks Stalin was, was right or something? Like, should that person die?  like starve to death. I just, I don't feel that way. And there have been some laws, I think there are mostly in California, New York, but that sort of protected bold speech that was made outside of work in the sense that you can't be fired from your job for promoting gay rights or marching in a socialist parade or  Whatever. And certainly that's protected in terms of religious expression. So I just think she's extremely bad on that too. Now, someone showed me this. This was an Axios. There seems to be just a total revision of what happened. Bondi clarifies hate speech won't be prosecuted. Do I have to log into this thing?  She clarifies in the sense, I don't know what is going on with this. Maybe it was a sort of subtle admission that they're ultimately going after for people who are opposing Israel. And that was ultimately the motive that they were pursuing. And they're just sort of being honest about it now. Anyway, it's just amazing how conservatives can go full circle and how they never really believed in what they said. When they claim free speech, it's just about their ability to talk about ivermectin or post-George Floyd memes or  suggests that Joe Biden is possessed by the devil. Like, that's all they mean by their free speech stuff. It's just their freedom to do their crap. And the moment they're in power, this is...  they have no compunction to crack down on anyone questioning Israel. And if Bondi's stuff is going to be, if the sentiments that Bondi expressed are going to be put into law, I imagine the first primary, maybe even only place that will be used is against critics of Israel. But anyway, does anyone have anything on this?  They're trying to make the liberals bake the cake, I guess. Did you see that? That's also true, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's also interesting because like the civil rights concept is a fundamental invasion of private property when you think about it, because, you know, no one believes that you have to let anyone into your house. You know, someone can just come to your house and be like, oh, hey, can I sleep on your couch? You don't have to say yes to that. Yeah.  And what is your restaurant but an extension of your own private property? It's not a sidewalk. It's not a courthouse.  You can get thrown out of a rodeo or a ball game for being rowdy. That's a private place, even though it's obviously very public anyway. At the very heart of the Civil Rights Act is a violation of personal liberty. And people like Ron Paul and Rand Paul recognize this. And so they, now they didn't want to fully come out and oppose the civil rights act, but they did want to oppose the bake the cake. So on the, in this kind of limited area of gay weddings, you can't be forced to accommodate someone, but now they want to force office Depot to do posters and that have Charlie Kirk and Angel Wings praising Israel or something so that they can do a vigil. Like, you must do that. You must print the poster. Libs of TikTok is complaining because someone went into a Starbucks with their phone out demanding that they write Charlie Kirk on a cup. And they're just like, no, that's political. I don't want to do that. And they're just having a total freak out.  Over this service employee at a Starbucks not wanting to write this name. Let me find this. But these same people would never support your right to not rent an apartment to a black family or something. Oh, exactly. If you wanted to discriminate in your own residence or a property you own, that would be beyond the pale. Yes. Yeah, exactly.  I just feel like so much of the alt-right has just been totally outmoded. It hasn't been influential. I just remember all of these arguments back in the day about free speech in the sense of like... In an area that's technically private, but is ultimately public, you should have expanded rights. Like, for example, if you're going to hang a flyer in a shopping mall or something, like, even though that's entirely private commercial enterprise, you should have sort of expanded rights. I remember talking with people about all these legal concepts. And... all of this stuff is now rendered moot because conservatives are in charge and we are going to enforce the law and the law means that you must love charlie kirk yes they're always just 10 years late to the party so now it's their time  To do hate speech, it's their time to make you bake the cake, make you print the poster. You will print the poster. If I worked at like Safeway and someone asked for like a Charlie Kirk birthday cake, I would be like, I'm out. I'm out. No. There are limits. god and they're gonna like bring this to the supreme court is like a serious issue or something yes you will the baker is actually just gonna be like these people are tasteless buffoons of course i'm not gonna bake a cake with charlie kirk and angel wings ascending into like new jerusalem like that struck me radically insulting  Can I deny making the cake on the grounds that it's just ugly? It's just stupid, your honor. They're like, whether it is stupid or not is not for you to determine, sir. These good Christians want to celebrate the laugh of the martyred Charlie Kirk. Oh, my God.  I just feel so alienated from conservatives. I'll occasionally sort of length them again. Hold on, let me tell Zeus to... Sorry, Zeus is doing his barking again. Someone must have walked nearby and he decides to bark. Warn the world about some jogger.  out there. Anyway, Zeus doing his job, randomly barking at neighbors, like taking out their trash or something. He's the cop. I just... Someone noted some chocker. Did not mean it in that way. Don't have those in Montana. Right. But I get so...  just alienated from conservatives. I just feel like I have nothing in common with them. I do not have their genes. I don't have their genes for like righteous gullibility or whatever it is that makes conservative conservative. I don't agree with anything about them. And I'll even sort of like feel a lot of sympathy for them momentarily  such as when Charlie Kirk was brutally murdered and I was like, oh wow, this is way too much. Like, you know, my God, I wish the best for that man. You know, we're all shedding a tear tonight. You like give them an inch and they take a mile. Like you give them some level of sympathy and like, yeah, man, I'm, you know, I get it. And then they just like go nuts and ridiculous. And you once again, can't take them seriously.  You give them an inch and suddenly Erica Kirk is asking for $100,000. Yes.  Well, yeah, I mean, look at these. Also, yeah, you said this when we were talking about this briefly yesterday, RFH. It's like all of this seems like downstream of low church Protestantism and mega church Pentecostalism and prosperity gospel. Because like, you know, Erica Kirk,  put out, like, okay, first off, okay, let's do it. We're going long today, but we're just doing it. Erica Kirk was seen from a car kind of waving to people, and after Charlie Kirk's death, totally fine. Her oration at, in the studio of the podcast studio was, was a bit much because she said, you know, this widow's fury will echo across the country as a battle cry. She's already moving from I am a grieving widow, understandably angry, to I am leading this movement forward. And then we move to text messages where she's saying, you know, Charlie's mission must continue, you know, give whatever you can, 10 bucks, 25, $100,000 on a monthly recurring donation. I don't know. It just, I mean, it's incredible. tucker carlson let's raise six million dollars that was curious that he chose that number for charlie's widow and also this is sponsored by alp patches or pouches for nicotine consumption uh  I just sort of can't even. It just reminds me of the way that these people sort of equate money with virtue or like being raised up by the Lord. And also the degree to which they just sort of put money towards nothing. You know, like they want to donate to Trump when he was facing all these lawsuits in 2020 as if he couldn't afford a lawyer or something. Or like someone pointed out in the chat, Shiloh, this woman said the embalm, let's give her a million dollars. And she's asking for another 30 grand or something because she's already spent the million dollars.  I mean, it's like they want to give something that's obviously not going anywhere. They just want to throw money at Erica Kirk. And look, she's going to be fine. And they made a lot of money already. She can certainly do something. But it's like they want to throw money at the just least productive things possible. And just as this sort of like, it's like they would reward one of these silly pastors or something. It was like, I want, I want some seed funds. Like you give me a hundred dollars. That's going to turn into who bounty as well for you and everyone around you like that. They just love that shit. Yeah.  It just works on them. It's how they think. It's how they understand politics is like giving money to these liars and retards. It's just... I don't get them.  Total mega churchification of the GOP, like the evangelicals have just effectively won. Like that is the culture of the GOP and how it operates. Even if only 25% of the voting base is evangelical, the entirety of the GOP is just somehow downstream of this now. I mean, even Trump operates this way. Everything becomes an immediate grift.  It's just all prosperity gospel all the way down. It's all a means of just raking in money from dumb, desperate people who are just dying to...  I don't know, throw another $10 at people who are already millionaires. I mean, Erica Kirk, I believe they said Charlie's net worth was about $12 million, and obviously they're going to still run TPUSA and still get money from all these donors. She's not financially suffering from, like, she is, yes, this is terrible, her husband has died, but...  Money is not the issue here for her, clearly. Family was going to be fine. And yet, no, we need to throw another six million their way. And yeah, Tucker also needs to insert his ad into the GoFundMe he set up for it. Like, oh, and by the way, we're going to seed it without patches. And there's a little logo on there. So it's just everyone's doing their grift off of this. Candace Owens does a whole video on her. dead friend and she's reading out ad copy like three different ads on the stream like whatever they do it has to somehow lead back to just making money um it's just kind of insane never let a good tragedy go to waste yeah yeah exactly  I mean, isn't it just immensely tasteless to film yourself grieving over your dead husband? Yeah, I should just play this. I've been to funerals and wakes and things, and I've never seen somebody there with a camera or a smartphone and grieving widow's face.  It's just disgusting on a level I can't comprehend. Putting it on your Instagram story. Yeah. Let's just play this for the hell of it. I mean, I'm sorry to put you through this. First off, I don't like open caskets to begin with. I feel like you should just let go and, you know, you began as stardust and you'll end up as warm meat, as Hamlet said. We should read Yorick's speech at some point. I love you. I love you. I know. I never heard the audio pull up.  I love you. I love you. God bless you. Big brains. Like, is that like a plane, collectible plane or something?  I just, I mean, how could you conceivably post that? I hadn't heard the audio before. Them overlaying that, like, soft music. You know, the soft, I love. It's so performative. It makes you feel really uncomfortable. Like, how much...  I don't know, I hate to be that cynical and say, is she like, does she actually care? But it just, there's just something about it that feels very performative and disingenuous. Yeah, I mean, she is a genuine Catholic. I'll at least give her that. But she also was like, she tried to become a reality show star in a few years ago and it was like some dating thing i saw a clip of it so what are the steps to getting on reality tv you have to want it they don't just you you don't randomly like take the long street down an alley and you end up on a reality tv show you've been promoting yourself to them you might even have an agent  And you also want to be famous for being famous. Like, you're not offering any content or art outside of your, like, personality. So she just wants to be... She was a beauty pageant girl. She was a beauty pageant girl as well. Those Trump Miss America pageants and things. Oh, wow. This just got darker. Yeah. she involved in the Epstein situation oh no she was trafficked to Charlie for this purpose I don't think so but I'm just saying because he's gay here we found one for you yeah perfect beard yes  she's clearly a narcissist. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it's like she, she's, she's performative. She wants to be seen. She wants to be famous for being her famous for being famous. That's the, it's the essence of the beauty pageant pageant. I know there's a talent portion of the competition, but come on, we know what it's really about. It's, and there's probably not even a talent portion to the Trump ones. It's just bikini only.  Maybe gown.  Um, but that's who she is. That's fine. And then she learned that there's this new reality show in town. There's this new, uh, beauty pageant and it's called conservative politics. And you go to TP USA and they bring out these goofy politicians while playing techno music and, um,  literally blowing smoke up your ass. In fact, that phrase becomes literal in these situations because these smoke machines are coming out and, uh, t-shirt guns. I mean, uh, and you join this new pageantry, which is conservative politics, where you talk about your principles and your guns and God, and they just pay you to, to be you. They'll just keep giving you money for the fact that you exist in this way. Um, Oh, Politics as entertainment, but also RFH, you were saying that it's all downstream of the megachurch. That's true, but it's almost like there's no need for a megachurch anymore. It's just the Republican Party. The GOP is the megachurch. Yes. Yes, it is. And J.D. Vance did that in that thing where he played. He was paraphrasing the Nicaean creed. basically and that those principles are the basis of charlie kirk's politics already he's just telling he's telling a story that was written so we could get all these different christian movements in line it's like all right this is it this is what we believe virgin mary check  suffered under Pontius Pilate. Check. We all agree that rose from the dead. We all agree on that and ascended into heaven. Okay. These, this is the, the basic, the bare minimum of what it means to be a Christianity, what it means to be a Christian. Excuse me.  And he's saying that as if it's a story. It's like the basis of the myth, and you're excluding other things to get it right. This was the basis of everything that Charlie did. In what possible way? And even like winning over liberals, where he goes out in these literal tense...  To talk to young people. It's just conversion. You know, it's like they love that idea. There was like a transsexual, Hispanic, half black, atheist, lesbian. And he just like brought her over to God. And like they hugged it out at the end. And it's like, I'm voting Trump in 2028. Like that's, it's a conversion experience. That's what they love. That's what they always love.  Yes. Oh my God, I can't stand these people. And it's growing. It's like Pentecostalism is like the fastest growing faith. So this whole attitude and kind of belief system, I guess, is just going to become more and more solidified. Yeah. With the DOP. Yeah.  Isn't it ironic that that like I like actual theater? But then they who think liking the theater is gay have the most theatrical politics and religiosity. What I'm pointing out is that liberals like to go to the opera or go to their local theater, theatrical rendition of Inherit the Wind or...  Or we're theater kids. That's what you say on social media to attack someone. Theater kid. But then when you see how they do politics, it's all just bad theater. So really the difference between left and right is that white liberals have the good taste to like good theater and the border conservatives like bad theater and they confuse theater with like political victories or something. Well, they don't think that their theater is theater, I guess. It's like they don't even realize that. They think that that's like real.  Yeah. So they're like, go to a, like, what? You want to go see a musical? What are you, a fag? And then they're like, all right, have you gotten your $150 tickets for TPUSA yet? Like, they just don't get it, do they? No. Theater's not gay if it's really cringe. That's basically what they believe. yeah oh my god it explains why the GOP is as gay as it is I guess because you just have these gays at the top I guess putting on this bad right they're like failed gays who couldn't make it on Broadway just so thus join the Republican Party yes putting on bad theater for rubes who don't know that that's what they're looking at god  Just, wow. Sorry, Pax, you've been holding your hand up for a while. You can go. I think what typifies the conservative or GOP mind is it's become about a broken epistemology. They just have... an inferior theory of knowledge compared to like even centrists or, you know, the left in general. It's all about revelation. So internet culture, internet culture is starting to favor revelation because you've got just the, garbage heap of memes and boilerplate conspiracy theories that are just ready for consumption and a conservative or anybody who has that tendency just won't have the ability to filter out all of these all of this conspiratorial revelatory thinking like whether it's ufos flat earth um  just different sects of Christianity, anything. They just don't have the ability to really think it through because they just don't really know. They're not interested in what reality is. And the problem with memes as opposed to genes is that with genes, natural selection can filter out the non-useful information. But with memes, memes are just going to be around forever basically and with all of its triteness and there's gonna be no there's no like natural selection for for memes without some kind of hard-headed uh iron-fisted uh censorship um yeah it's it speaks i don't know i don't know what to think about all of this yeah  Yeah, memes can predominate just on numbers. And I mean, I guess they are ultimately...  susceptible to natural selection in, you know, in the sense of what did Anton Chigurh say? You know, if your principle brought you here, brought you to me, then what worth is that principle? So are memes going to lead them to failure? Well, I don't know. It's not so immediately, I'd say. And it just seems like bad ideas can... dominate just simply by being poured into people's timelines um i i think you're getting at something very interesting which is that they they talk about facts and logic but all of these people what do they really have in common is that they believe in a revealed religion or Even if they've fallen off a bit and elapsed and aren't going to church, they still think like they do with a revealed religion. And so they're looking for some sort of revelation. Do your own research. You can find it somewhere out there. Trust Q. Trust this weird oracle. Like, this is how they go about business. And so they actually are... really allergic to theory or thinking through a matter or thinking about pragmatic consequences and so on. They believe in Noah's Ark as someone sit in the chair. Like you're going to find it. It's in Turkey. Brendan Goma.  Yeah, hey, Richard. I'm just thinking what we're seeing is the new formation of a state religion or the attempt at America's first ever state religion where if you don't bake the cake and print the poster, you are a heretic committing blasphemy. I just want to see how long this will continue. How long will they try to force everyone to worship someone who actually could be described as a white nationalist  And we've seen people in other countries mourn his death, like in London and South Korea. I'm just thinking to myself, what the hell? This guy was not that popular. He was popular in the Republican Party, and that's it. Yeah.  I almost think this is a challenge. And white nationalists abroad embracing Charlie Kirk or something. I just found that just... Martin Zellner and identitarians being like, we love Charlie. I just found that just unbelievably absurd. Charlie was against everything that you believe in, but he's like a white guy who died and thus you like him. Like what, what does that say about you? In fact, it's the same thing with the Ukrainian woman. She's white. She dies. Therefore she's good, but they don't talk about why she had to be here in the first place. Right. And if you're a Ukrainian who wins on the battlefield and lives, they hate you.  But if you're dead, they love you. If you're killed by blacks, they love you. If you're victorious on the field, if you're killed by gays, if you're killed by closeted gays, in Charlie Kirk's case, they love you. You're now a white man. But if you're actually successful and kill Russians invading your land, then you're a libtard, actually. You're liberal. Yeah. God, I fucking hate these people so much. If you're killed for being white, you get to see the FBI director at the gates of Valhalla. Beautiful. The Hindu FBI director.  I just saw the news that Luigi Mangione dismissed first-degree murder and terrorism charges. He's likely to be charged for second-degree murder. I saw that just before I went on. I saw the terrorist charges were removed, which, you know, that sort of makes sense. But... um why is also premeditated premeditated you know first degree is premeditated murder right but didn't he clearly premeditate murder your guess is as good as mine i would say yes it was it wasn't like yeah and wrote stuff on bullets that is bizarre  Are they just going to let Mangione go in New York? That is just totally ridiculous. I mean, it looks like that would at least open up the possibility of parole. Yeah. All right. Let me just play a little bit of this. I don't want to play the whole thing, but look,  I've never really liked Sam Hyde. I understand that some people do or think that his stuff is brilliant. It's just never...  This whole sort of awkward, cringe, make-you-uncomfortable comedy just never appealed to me. When he had producers behind him, I thought he was doing some good stuff when he had that short-lived Comedy Central show or Cartoon Network or whatever.  But on his own. And then when he when he does politics, it's he really reminds me of a lot of the dissident right commentators that they just.  Make everything about like all these liberals secretly want to kill you. And it just becomes extremely tiresome. It's like a one string guitar. They keep hitting. It's incorrect, actually. And I'll go into that.  But also, it's just fundamentally demoralizing. They think they're making politics real by making it existential. And they're actually just foregoing... the need to think through matters and to really understand culture and to really understand where we are now. I remember giving this speech, I think this was like MBI 2015, where I was saying, I wish it were so easy that we're on a gangplank on a pirate ship and they're walking us out about to push us into the ocean. But that's not what's happening.  It's like the white genocide meme. Like there are these active devils trying to just literally kill you.  It just lets you not think through what is happening. Think through how we brought this on ourselves. Think through how you can change it and be in a situation in which we won't live in this decaying world that we live in.  This is you. It's not me, actually. This is weird. This is like deep mind psychology propaganda. This is you. This is your sister, your wife, your daughter. But this right here is you. This is your sister, your wife, your daughter. This is you.  This is your sister, your wife, your daughter. But this is you. And this is their reaction when you are killed. This is the joy they feel. Isn't it odd that he looks so much like Leon Trotsky?  I don't know. I've always suspected, just the way his mind works also, I've always thought that he was Jewish. He's not really white, if that, you know, is a meaningful statement. But it's just like...  How do I put the... It's just like hammering over and over again what everyone knows about. What everyone knows already. Like, we get it. We all sort of identify with the main character. But he's doing this on this, like, psychological operation. This is your daughter or wife who's being... His sort of comedy is Jewish.  His comedy is very Jewish. Yeah. But it sort of lacks the sophistication of Woody Allen or something. It's like all the anxiety of Woody Allen with none of the sophistication. But what is he trying to do? He's just trying to elicit a response, just get you really angry. He's trying to be hardcore. Yeah. Yeah.  ...is raped when your children are castrated, brainwashed to hate you. This is their ecstasy when the floor of the subway car is awash in your blood. This is you. Make no mistake.  That is a symbol that is you, but this won't last long. They can't help themselves because they're so ugly and so low that the only joy they can experience, the only good that they can envision is to take something beautiful or innocent down to their level.  Is that not just a perfect description of Sam Hyde himself? Like, this is one of the more... This is one of the uglier people that I would see on a daily basis, Sam. Like, this person right in front of me here. I'm just saying. Like, when I walk to the grocery store, he would be on the ugly side of the spectrum... pretty far to the left on the ugly side of the spectrum people working at uh super one that is store clerks are actually like far over on here in terms of attractiveness secondly oh yeah well go ahead rfh if you want to say it i was you're probably thinking the way i'm thinking oh not only that but like he seems to make himself even uglier on purpose like it's  if you look at like older pictures of him, he doesn't look as like grotesque. He's like kind of doing this almost on purpose. Like, I guess he thinks it's like funny or it's like, I don't know. Maybe like, again, he like wants to make you uncomfortable. Yeah. Yeah. Or to be that fat as he apparently is. But the other thing, what is his art outside of destroying beauty? You know? Like, it is a sort of Jewish art in the sense that it's just unending cringe and fragmentation and disgust, you know, mechanism-inducing stuff. So is he just describing himself? Like, how is your art countering this force that you're discussing?  You seem to be part of it. Your art is indistinguishable from like the worst type of leftism. And in fact, what I would say about a lot of liberals is that they're the ones making the art that's actually worthwhile. The liberals are the ones writing the books worth reading and putting on the theater that's watchable, writing the movies that are worth going out to see. I mean, what are you doing? You're doing art that's just disgusting and grotesque. And it's a parody, but outside of a few cases, I don't even quite...  see what you're doing. You're just engaging in almost like nihilistic Dadaism or something.  Yeah, actually, A Play Called Italy has a really good comment in the chat. Is Sam really someone who wants to preserve the innocence in the world? Is that what a comedian does? That's a really good point. That's not what a comedian does. Right. Putting aside my dislike of his art, that's not what a comedian does. Yeah. Yeah. comedian kind of pops the cherry to be honest he he tells you that comedians are most funny uh well they can be funny when they're absurd of course but like they're most funny when they're sort of telling you a secret truth yes an unspoken truth that they're revealing but he wants to protect the innocent and secondly isn't it what i've heard is that sam hyde is now like embrace christianity or something like don't they all well they they're all doing it and you need you need to do that to appeal to these people but like what is it you know like shouldn't the the story of jesus change the way you live you know like like let's say you're a criminal and you've killed a man and  and so on. You're in jail, and then someone brings you the gospel, and they tell you this story of overcoming and redemption for your sins, all of your sins, even you. Jesus cares about even you.  And it changes your life. You are overwhelmed by the pathos of Jesus' own suffering on your behalf, and then you change your life. And so you say, you know, I might be here in this jail, but...  But I'm going to make the world a better place. I'm going to improve myself. I'm going to help out the community to the degree that I can. And I'm going to spread the gospel and whatever. You change your life. You're touched by Jesus. So what is the difference between Sam Hyde before believing in Christianity and Sam Hyde after believing in Christianity?  He's remained a repellent motherfucker both before and after Christ. So what's the point? What does it mean to believe in Jesus if you're just going to create nihilistic comedy? Go on. I was just saying it's just more views, a bigger audience, I guess. That's it, really. Yeah. The other thing that I just want to say with all this, and I guess I'm reacting to just a few minutes of this, is that, look, Irina, I guess is her name, the Ukrainian girl, look, these are terrible situations, and I guarantee you that liberals also reacted to that video with horror and don't want that to happen. And there were a few blacks who made excuses or whatever, but just picking out some psychopathic black person who endorsed the killing, that's just ridiculous.  Vast majority of liberals don't want that. And I've already said this about the Charlie Kirk murder. Like you can always find one, but what they're really prosecuting people on or persecuting people about is that they're not like mourning Charlie enough or something.  How dare you disagree with me? So this whole notion is just wrong. And secondly, like, they're not killing us. We're not Gazans. Gazans, you can accurately say those bastards want to motherfucking kill us.  That's not the situation we are in. Maybe we will be in the future. I doubt it. But we're definitely not in that situation now. So it's like you're wishing, you're engaging in this wish fulfillment like a lot of, even sort of like  people suffering from paranoia and schizophrenia. But I don't think they are suffering from that. I think it's purely wish fulfillment. Like the schizophrenic thinks everyone's out to get them. And like the CIA is sending messages through the television  to, you know, telling him to do things or trying to kill him or there are demons around him. They have a sort of mentality like that, but with them it's all wishful thinking. Because everything, if someone's trying to kill you, you don't have to think about anything, you know? Like if someone rushes here into my house, they're trying to kill him, I'll be like, I'm not going to be like, so are you a Platonist or a Nietzschean?  Or like, what's your opinion on the films of Christopher Nolan? I'm not going to ask those questions. I'm going to fight him, maybe run, maybe hide, something. I will be in existential fight or flight mode. And that's what they want you in because precisely because, you know, when you're in fight or flight mode, your reptilian brainstem is directing you. So you are literally not thinking. You're not using even your emotional limbic system or your frontal cortex. You're not engaging with those aspects of your being. You are simply like a reptile running around.  You're an insect that you're trying to squash and the cockroach keeps evading your foot. That's what they want you. They want you in some existential crisis that doesn't fucking exist. So that, first off, you'll declare that they're a truth teller or something and give them money, desperately give them money,  but also so that no one has to do any sort of thinking at all, basically. You don't have to think about what it means to be a Christian, what it means that this has been a Christian nation for some time, what that might have to do with the situation we're in. You don't have to think at all. You can just run. You're like a deer being hunted. by a guy with a rifle run run run or someone's invaded your house they're going to rape your sister fight fight fight that's not the situation we are in liberals don't want to kill you and it's just ridiculous to even say that  They want you to be a good citizen. And what that means is to embrace the kind of liberal religion and work hard, pay your taxes, don't commit crimes. That's what they want of you. Why would they kill you when you're a cash cow? And it's funny for all these people because on the one hand, they're like, they want to kill us all. But then on the other hand, they're like, we just want to be left alone and like raise our families. So all of those things like being a Christian, marrying, having a wife, that was funny.  formerly considered sort of the bare minimum for joining the middle class. But now in their minds, like that's like some heroic struggle against the forces of evil to do that. So on the one hand, they dramatically and childishly and stupidly overestimate the existential threat that, that they're facing and, And on the other hand, they offer no compelling vision for society outside of just like, leave me alone, let me go to church.  It's just, they are fucking pathetic. And the more I think through the basis of the ideology of these ugly freaks like Sam Hyde, I have more and more contempt for them. This reminds me so much of TRS. Isn't this like the exact like TRS brain? It is.  Is it a coincidence that you're physically repellent and you think like that, Sam? Just asking. CBG. Hi. Yeah. This is just a small thing, but I kind of wanted to add that, you know, I don't know anyone who watches Sam Hyde who sort of experienced a successful experience. launching into adulthood or who has been a functional member of society, or at least who didn't struggle to do that. And it's funny, once they do, they sort of drift away from his content and stuff. But I think, you know, this is a sort of low-hanging observation, but it's funny how Sam, you know, he's sort of held himself up now as this voice of reason. He's calling out online nihilism when that is precisely what made him you know it existed on this hyper online reality and in a way it's just sort of the other side of the coin the exact inverse of violent trans people like when these trans people who end up being shooters these are not the trans people running p flag at undergrad and participating in extracurriculars these are chronically online trans people who feel like losers and it's like  I don't know. It's like the exact same thing. I mean, you kind of hit the nail on the head with I think someone said it in the chat with like a masochistic fantasy. I mean, when the trans stuff goes to that extremism, that is what it is about. It's like they're going to kill us. You don't understand. They're coming for us. And it's just funny because it's the exact, exact same thing. So that's all I had to say.  But it's like even, to be fair, like slightly more plausible in the case of transsexuals. About 100%. You know, like as opposed to being like a white Christian or something. I mean, give me a fucking break. You are not oppressed in this country. I don't think it's about being a white Christian, though. It's about being... An undesirable male who is facing down the barrel of a life alone and no one having sympathy for them, which I don't blame people because, like you said, it's pretty repugnant. But I don't think they're reacting to Christian persecution at all. I don't think Sam...  I don't know. I didn't even know he claimed to be a Christian at this point. But if he does, I doubt the authenticity of that. Yeah, I know. It was a few months ago. He just openly has declared this. Interesting. Yeah, I didn't know that because I don't really follow him as much. But yeah, I mean, that's just such a smokescreen. Like, I mean, this is about... sort of the other side of, I guess, people who are disenfranchised and ugly and sad and lonely who lean more left. I mean, you know, it's just, like, these are people who have failed to get a footing in society and are just angry. And I think you nailed it. Like, want to engage in this masochism fantasy. So, yeah. Yeah. If you're not blessed with the best looks, just, like, be...  like, productive and fun and no one cares. Like, no one really... It's like, I only harshly judge people for having bad looks when they do shit like this, you know? It's great with the self-fulfilling prophecy. Like, Satan tries to be ugly. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, like, if you're an uggo, but you're just sort of, like... jovial and fine and whatever like no one's gonna fucking judge you in fact someone might marry you oh everyone loves a jolly fat man i mean and the idea that like men think they can't get women if they're bald these days i mean do you remember the 90s do you remember like you know woody harrelson and ed harris like come on now i don't know right goofy yeah  We can watch a little bit more of this. I did want to go. I think he's claiming that Israel did it also, which at one point, which seems again, kind of like incoherent. Like, which one is it? The liberals did this or Israel? And when they can't do it, the next best thing is blood. This is Charlie's family. And these are his children.  who will never be able to hug their dad and grow up with a murdered father. And these are the people who smugly revel in this, and they won't stop with just Charlie. The boats are burned. There's nobody coming to help.  The barbarians are at the gate. This is the fall of ancient Rome that we are living through currently. And what happens in the next two weeks is going to determine the future of mankind. Oh my God. He needs to delete this.  Talk about creating urgency. First off, I also like have a little bit of hesitation to like bash Charlie Kirk, but like just the comparison between like the fall of Rome and the death of Charlie. I mean, give me a fucking break. Charlie Kirk's rise is actually a better indication of decadence and decline than Charlie Kirk's fall. I mean, what we do now in the next two weeks is going to determine the future of mankind.  Where are they getting this? Does he believe this, you think? They're just so urgent. I remember this was another MPI speech I gave. It was the other one in 2015 where I was talking about the urgency of these people. This is the most important election in our lifetimes. It's constantly existential and urgent, but I think the existential urgency papers over just the utter... vacuousness of their message and vision like what does this mean the future of mankind because because what like a few leftist on tiktok acted like cunts you know what i think it is i i And I noticed this with COVID too, a lot of people were like excited in a way that COVID was happening because I think a lot of people are really bored with their lives and they have this idea of like all these big things happened in the past and we're in this post-war period and things are pretty stable and they're kind of boring and people like want to be a quote part of history and they want to like go through something interesting and a lot of people seem to almost have this weird like joyfulness or like excitement that like covid was happening uh because it's like oh it's this big world event and i'm living through it and i feel important i feel like a part of history and i think the conservatives are doing the same thing with this and that's why they keep like evoking images of like MLK or like Jesus Christ 9-11 Jesus 9-11 yes they like want to be this big exciting moment for them and like I don't know like they're bored they're they're not doing much with their lives like this is really exciting to them and I think they get like a sort of joy out of this happening and they really like this opportunity to sound like really tough and hardcore and like yeah we're living through the fall of rome but we're gonna take it back like it just it's this sort of self-importance and yeah like they're just they're excited yeah yes definitely masochistic fantasy fulfillment is what conservatism is about yeah apollo's aquarium you want to jump in  Yeah, so I was really into Sam Hyde when I was in high school. And if you look at the stuff that he and M.D. and all those people have made, and especially Fish Tank. Fish Tank is their live show that they do that's like they get a bunch of random fucking losers and put them in a house and stream and you can say shit to them. But his whole thing is...  it is about appealing to the dysgenic sort of incel type people who hate everything. Like it is super nihilistic, I totally agree. And I like what I think SJC or whatever was saying, where you can't really be super into him and have a fulfilling or do anything with your life. everything he creates and i couldn't watch this video like i keep up with his stuff i i got about as far as we're into it now and it's just it's hard to watch now and i really yeah that as much as i was into him uh but i've well i was into rap music in middle school so like consider yourself forgiven it's it's not it's no big deal and But I think it's also just like you do need to intellectually and culturally mature at some point and start to recognize what this is. I was just thinking, remember the Graper War where... think it was even dave riley who was like holding up rosary bean beads and saying how does what does anal sex do for the american family or you know how is anal sex helping america and he was asking that to charlie kirk because charlie kirk had this like gay black you know conservative commentator on or whatever but like i you should ask this like what is sam hyde doing for american culture  Is this helping us? Is this hurting us? Is this moralizing us? Is this demoralizing us? Why don't we ask that question before we decide to heed his call to violence against TikTok liberals or whatever he's doing? I think the perfect sort of metaphor for his whole thing is a stand-up routine he did in 2017 or whatever, where he just goes up and does a 10-minute rant on how AIDS patient number one spread it to 500 people or something like that, and how just this disgustingly hard-to-listen-to description of how terrible homosexuality is to a bunch of liberals.  And it's, he's not doing anything. He's just like, one, he's just trying to piss people off. And two, he, a lot of his content like induces schizophrenia in a lot of these people. And you see it in his fan base.  I think so as well. There's something to the editing, the kind of nonsensical fashion where it's like kind of breaking your brain. Let's just watch a little bit more of this. That's not hyperbole. That's just how it is. A few notes before we start. I've seen some Twitter posts from people lamenting, apologizing.  because their last interactions with Charlie were less than kind. And congratulations if that's you, because that's proof that you have a soul. And similarly,  I think we had to cut 30 minutes from the last episode of Sam Hyde Show. Okay, did he even know Charlie Kirk personally? Like, why are you choked up about this? You know, like, if I, if Charlie Kirk were, like, I went to high school with him, or he's my father, or I'm his wife, I totally get that you're going to, like, emotionally, emotions are overpouring, but, like,  He's a podcaster, bro. It's like a North Korea situation. If you're not crying enough or showing enough emotion, they're going to get mad at you. So everyone's trying to outcry each other now. I'm the most affected by this. I'm choking up on my hand, brother. because i called him something not nice that looks fake some people offering their condolences paying their respects etc started off with a qualifier well i didn't agree with charlie on everything you know essentially that he wasn't based enough  And this is fine, too. We all have some strain of autism that compels us to constantly signal how based we are, and that's fine. And it's fine because we're stuck with this problem together. We're in this together. This is banter. It's for us to talk about. It's for our side to talk about. It's not for outsiders to try to use logic against us, to try to hold us to rules that they don't hold themselves to. That's all that needs to be said about it. Yeah.  Because the left is irrational, we can be irrational too. That's sort of what I hear. What side are you talking about? In what ways is he just talking about his community or the right in general that he's now a part of? I have no idea. I don't really want to watch the whole thing. There was something here. He's reading messages from people.  This isn't our true home. Our eternal home is heaven. We're made for heaven. Why are we here? Well, it's not exactly just a test. Both spirit and body, both physical, metaphysical, are realities.  And this isn't meant to be a utopia. It's meant to be suffering, but it's what you do with that suffering and somewhat like a test. It could be said that the trial of our era isn't starvation or war. It's like maintaining your passions when you have at your disposal the option to engage in any sort of fallen behavior you'd like to. you know and it's cheap and easy and available and so your mission is to make sure that you and your family uh make it to heaven uh despite like the ease of fallen things you know i think it's it's sort of like incel surrounded by um  pornography of all kind, and it's just too easy. I don't think they're, I mean, isn't the problem that they're not succumbing enough to sex? They're like not getting pussy, isn't that what they were complaining about? As opposed to how easy it is anyway. Wow, this has been a long show. But it was a good one. Ton covered.  Why don't we put a bookmark in it here? RFH, thanks for being here. Everyone else, we have lots of good audience interaction, and I definitely need that often. And just to keep the conversation interesting, it's not just a monologue by me. Really good questions and good comments, so I appreciate that.  All right, guys, I will see you on Thursday. Special guest will be more of an interview on Thursday. So that should be good. All right. Talk to you guys soon. Bye.