all right everyone i hope you are well welcome back rfh is with us although she mentioned that she's a little bit under the weather so yeah she od'd on tylenol basically is what happened tylenol maxing i want very autistic children  She had a mild headache. She took two Tylenol. She now has Asperger's. And I mean, we've been warned about this, but she did it anyway. Anyway, I want to talk, obviously, about autism and Tylenol. I even want to talk about the Amish.  Because the Amish have been roped into this discussion. And for that reason alone, I think they're worth discussing. But I think it's also worth discussing this weird conservative fetish.  for maybe the most disgusting group of people on Earth, possibly, at least in America. So I think some red pilling on the AQ needs to occur, the Amish question, because they are just simply terrible people.  to a man. But before that, I want to handle a couple of little things that are sort of warm-up questions, I guess you could say. One of which is, and I have not looked into this beyond just seeing a tweet from Representative Jim Jordan.  Uh, but this is what the tweet says. And I, I don't know what to make of this. I don't know if this is actually landmark or whether we're reading too much into it or whether we're going to get rug pulled, uh,  But anyway, here it is. Representative Jim Jordan breaking due to our oversight efforts. Google commits to offer all creators previously kicked off YouTube due to political speech violations to return to the platform. But that's not all.  And here I can continue to read. Dear Chairman Jordan, the statement of facts is submitted on behalf of our client Alphabet Inc. Alphabet owns Google and YouTube and all that kind of stuff. It's subsidiary YouTube. Yeah.  I'll often explain things just before the next clause comes. In response to subpoenas issued by the House Committee on the Judiciary on February 15, 2023, and March 6, 2025, throughout the committee's investigations, Alphabet provided responsive information to the committee to fulfill its oversight responsibilities.  Blah, blah, blah. Alphabet is a collection of businesses. The company is committed to doing its part to continue to keep the digital ecosystem safe, reliable and open to free expression. This seems to be boilerplate. Let's go on here.  The company appreciates the accountability from the House Judiciary Committee. The COVID-19 pandemic was an unprecedented time in which online platforms had to reach decisions about how best to balance freedom of expression with responsibility.  blah, blah, blah. Senior Biden administration officials, including White House officials, conducted repeated and sustained outreach to Alphabet and pressed the company regarding certain user-generated content on the COVID-19 pandemic. As online platforms, including Alphabet, grappled with these decisions, the administration's officials, including President Biden, created a political atmosphere that sought to influence the actions of platforms It is unacceptable and wrong when any government, including the Biden administration, attempts to dictate how the company moderates content and the company has consistently fought against these efforts on First Amendment grounds.  there is a lot here and I think it's worth talking about my own ambivalence on this issue of, And also just a little bit of history, which I think we all know to some degree, but it's worth revisiting it. And also, I'm I was just thinking about this while shaving. I see this, Nick. Yeah. Oh, gosh.  while shaving about what this is going to entail in the future. And so let's just go back a little bit and then I'll talk about ambivalences and then some predictions or foresight of some kind.  I was kicked off Twitter in 2016, actually. And Chuck Johnson was kicked off even earlier than that. It might have even been in 2015 when he was going after then Black Lives Matter leader DeRay Kesson and all sorts of things. So there were some precedents for people getting kicked off Twitter, in this case, pre-Elon Twitter, obviously, for purely political reasons. That is, you're not attempting to use Twitter to sell drugs. You're not using Twitter to post pornography or illegal pornography. Now pornography is rampant on Twitter, of course, but...  But just for your First Amendment protected speech, I don't even know why I was kicked off. I think there was a great deal of hysteria around the alt-right and me in particular after Trump's victory. No one knew what to do. But I remember I was actually in a conversation with David Frum, who was responding to me. And then I like looked for the next response and it was saying, you know, not accessible, so on and so forth. Then I realized it was kicked off. I was then let back on about a month later and I had been informed or I was informed later, say two years later by a journalist who was talking to me about the same issue and  And she said that Jack Dorsey gave me a dispensation, basically saying Richard is not lying. He's not doing anything illegal. He's a public figure. And thus, we just sort of have to grin and bear it.  Now, I don't know what to make of that. I didn't hear that from Jack Dorsey. I heard that from secondhand, but probably somewhat true. Now... Previously, before the alt-right, Twitter was talking about itself as the heartbeat of the Internet, the town hall or marketplace of the Internet. And they claimed that they were the free speech wing of the free speech party, meaning that they were exceptionally interested in free speech. And the alt-right changed things in the sense that it wasn't so much that social media could inflect an election. I think that was slowly happening, even as early. I mean, social media wasn't quite around, but even as early as 2004, you started to get this Internet candidate phenomenon.  with Howard Dean, actually, someone who's sort of been totally forgotten. Ron Paul was the candidate of the internet. So was Barack Obama to some degree. It was already there. But I think the Trump movement was a place where a Ron Paul-like online constituency was winning. They weren't just... getting ron paul up there to to win you know three percent in a republican primary and make a big show during the debates they were actually winning their their candidate was winning and i think that actually and their candidate was obviously wildly racist uh absurd and dangerous for the republic so  That changed their mentality. Now, we could sort of fast forward. After Charlottesville, the big issue was getting kicked off. Hosting services kicked off. What is his name? There was a...  Squarespace, I believe. Yeah, there was a website that I was using to host some stuff, kicked off Stripe, kicked off any ability to monetize, debanking. That was happening to so many people in that era. And then if we fast forward a little bit again to 2020, I remember I was doing, in my opinion, quite well on YouTube. We would get 10,000 views in 24 hours. So we really had an audience, an audience that would watch us live. And, you know, you start getting 10,000 views in 24 hours, and then that can jump to 100,000 and 250,000. Nick Fuentes was also on YouTube, and I imagine that he was doing better than that. And he was kicked off first. Eventually, I was kicked off, along with Stefan Molyneux and others.  They really cracked down. Now, the irony of that 2020 deplatforming was that they were fighting the last war, in effect. And they weren't deplatforming people who were going to have more influence, malign influence, I would say, in that year and coming years. And so what replaced the alt-right thought leaders, or as you could call us, what replaced it was COVID conspiracy and QAnon, both of which directly affected J6s.  To a profound degree. Now, eventually in 2021, those people started getting kicked off and this whole thing, the wheel keeps on turning. But there were two things. It's like putting aside my own personal desire to have a YouTube account. There's these interesting effects, which is kicking off the kicking the alt right off of YouTube basically allowed Ben Shapiro to run wild. And there was this dynamic where you would kick off the baddies that were demonized in the press and so on. And what you allowed for was a business model for the conservative movement where they could give you 20%, maybe 50% of alt-right content.  but not be serious about it or go all the way. And they could run roughshod over the old alt-right because we were being deplatformed. And they could make millions of dollars doing this. I mean, the Daily Wire, Ben Shapiro, and Facebook is something that was...  profoundly impactful in the development of the conservative ecosystem. Candace Owens was a part of that, and I could go on and on. There was even an interesting situation in which... There was a social media deplatforming summit at the White House in Trump's first term in which all of these people who were not deplatformed met to discuss the problem of deplatforming. I think Tim Pool was involved in that as well. Where we are now, I mean... It's like the baddies... When I was saying things that were outrageous or racialist back in the day in 2016, I was... fairly unique in this regard in the sense that you could only get that you know hot stuff anywhere at this point i think it is manifestly evidently obvious that de-platforming has completely failed Because there are people who are not famous in the sense of being household names or written about or discussed or whatever, but who have tons of viewers, more viewers than I ever had on a daily basis, who are just as, in most cases, more racist, quote unquote, than the alt-right was back in the day. So it's sort of a snakes out of the head of Medusa phenomenon or whack-a-mole phenomenon where you fixate on individual people. You maybe deplatform them, push them to the curb, and then a million other things crop up to the point that it just...  it's just not a viable strategy. I think that YouTube probably is being bullied a little bit, much like Apple, much like Musk, much like all these other tech companies. They're just sort of bending the knee to Donald Trump. I think that certainly has a part in it. I think it's also... good to sort of give them the benefit of the doubt and recognize that like they can change course at some point and they can see that they have simply failed. Deplatforming has fundamentally failed and they're going to move on to a another way of doing things. Now, I would also express some ambivalence about this in the sense that this like Can you at least see why a platform would want to silence the voices of people spreading absolute nonsense in an emergency situation during a pandemic?  This is not new at all. Suppression of the press during wartime, during pandemics, as mentioned, during emergencies. You want to cut down the misinformation. You probably want to cut down the information in general to not lead people to go crazy. I mean, I kind of understand where they were coming from in doing that. And for all the conservatives who will say things like, oh, yeah, you know, I was just asking reasonable questions or I was promoting the lab leak theory, which is pretty mainstream now, maybe even established. I was, you know, holding Fauci's feet to the fire. We have to remember the amount of complete evidence  an utter nonsense that was occurring during that period as well. It wasn't just, I wonder if the vaccine will stop the spread. Maybe it's unnecessary. It was also, there are 666 ingredients in the vaccine. And it's in fact, the devil's semen that you're injecting and, you know, misinformation is,  And all across the spectrum, COVID is nothing. It's just a cold. Don't worry about it. You should try to get COVID. There are people who died because they listened to influencers like the Weinsteins who actively got COVID and died, by the way. Sounds like manslaughter. Maybe. I don't know. I'm not a lawyer.  But you had that. And then also there was at the beginning of the pandemic on the right, ironically enough, there was extreme COVID amplification.  of it, this makes you go nuts. They were showing images of people who were suffering from, I don't know, schizophrenia or something or drugs or whatever, you know, smashing windows and, you know, tearing at themselves and so on. This is what COVID does to you. There, there was misinformation both on both sides of, of this, uh, issue. And, uh,  I don't know. I understand a platform that recognizes itself as replacing mainstream media, replacing television. Might we need to do something? Might we have some sort of responsibility? This isn't just the free for all of the Internet circa 2000 to say 2010.  where not very many people were on it. If they were on it, they were like buying stuff on eBay or Amazon. And now it's just, it is now displaced mainstream outlets where no one's really watching cable news or listening to it. No one even knows about the nightly news, the most mainstream thing in the 20th century. We're all on these platforms and there has to be some sort of responsibility to that these platforms take on and maybe they're just sort of punting on that and they're allowing the free for all to continue. I don't know. There's also the issue of the FBI getting involved in social media. Well, I also don't like the idea of an FBI agent saying, oh, this Richard Spencer guy, yeah, we're worried about this hate speech. Nick Fuentes, this is dangerous. Yeah, I don't like that either. Don't you want the FBI... arresting Russian or Chinese or Israeli disinformation campaigns or involving themselves in that? Don't you want the FBI engaging in rounding up people who are using a platform? This happens definitely on TikTok, Roblox especially, for, I don't know, sex trafficking or child abuse. Don't you want the FBI involved in some way?  And don't you want to not be on a platform that's the Wild West? I don't know. Just some important things to point out. Now, in terms of where this could go, I was thinking about this and I'm not even sure... not 100% sure about my prediction here, but it's just something that I was thinking about, like looking at the past and looking at the future.  The alt-right was like the dope dealer, the only dope dealer in town, basically. That's what the alt-right in effect was in 2016, where it's like, if you want to get high, you've got to come to us because you can't buy this at your local grocery store. This is the straight dope. This is the stuff that really gets you ripped. Now, we live in a situation where marijuana has been legalized to the degree that you can just buy it at your local grocery store or 7-Eleven. And so there's no need to go to the dope dealer anymore. It's been sort of monetized and...  mainstreamized, normalized in a way. So what's going to happen after that? I mean, if you can get that dope, the straight dope somewhere, maybe this means that the mainstream is going to mainstream conservatives, that is, are going to lay off it, actually. Right.  They don't need to say, like, did you know that 13% of the population commits 50% of the crime? That's really disturbing. But it's really about culture. And in the 1950s, there was no crime with blacks. Do they need to bother doing that anymore if it's actually widely available? Maybe they're going to become more disciplined. They're going to go back to their old ways. Just a thought.  Someone Austin just mentioned in the chat and then I'll let other people jump in. Rumble, it's and true social, but Rumble, especially with YouTube, Rumble's entire business model is basically conservatives got kicked off YouTube and now they have to be on Rumble.  Rumble is much, much smaller than YouTube. Rumble is, in my experience, not as good as YouTube, technologically speaking, just in terms of the user experience. So the only reason you would go to Rumble is that you can only get the straight dope there. And Rumble, of course, paid creators like Russell Brand and I think even Andrew Tate or something. Maybe not him. now if they're if they're able to do all this stuff on youtube what's the point of rumble so anyway just some thoughts does anyone have anything rfh sure uh no i don't have much to add to that okay The other thing is worth adding is that do we suffer from a lack of free speech or an excess of free speech? Because my experience on Twitter is that I would not be surprised if 50% of... the content on Twitter is in some way bot farmed, generated through an LLM, or is inauthentic in some way. and the other thing is that yeah this is someone mentioned in the chat this is the dead internet theory that basically you're just interacting with bots and no one is in fact on the internet the dead internet conspiracy theory is way too grandiose like no one's actually on the internet it's bots talking to bots you're the only one on the internet it's like solipsism but  It's the dead internet conspiracy theory is sort of getting at something. It's getting at some real experience. And I would just say this.  Before, say, 2023 or thereabouts, I didn't even know that porn was available on Twitter. I just assumed that it wasn't. No, I think it was there, but it was suppressed enough that you had to go look for it. You had to be directly following someone or something like that.  Now you can't escape it. I just yesterday or is Sunday doesn't matter. I was watching a video on the Charlie Kirk assassination and the autoplay next video was just this. terrible, really borderline illegal pornography with girls that... I remember... I think they're probably over 18, but they were sort of trying... They were kind of depicting themselves as young girls. It was gross. I reported it. And I reported it as abuse. And to Twitter, hopefully they... get that message and get rid of that stuff but again i was trying to watch a video on charlie the charlie kirk assassination and the next thing was this bizarre thing that sort of got up to the edge of illegality child abuse etc  So like that never happened to me 10 years ago on Twitter. So I think something has really gone wrong with Musk and what he's up to. And so like if I think about Twitter as a platform, does it suffer from too much censorship or not nearly enough? The latter is what I would say. I think Elon's just pushing a lot of porn because he's just trying to make money however he can from the website, and he just doesn't care. I mean, he'll say he wants to raise the birth rates, but then the AI he's releasing is just like...  It's just porn. Yeah. It's like an anime Asian girl with gigantic breasts throwing swords. Oh, hi. I'm Sishi, your AI companion. Yeah, that's going to really raise the birth rate. The amount of... masturbation that he is just directly responsible for will no doubt contribute to the population collapse. I mean, it's just pretty obvious. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, at the end of the day, I think he just cares about making money above anything. So the birth rate really isn't his concern, obviously.  And porn will help him make more money on Twitter. Yeah. Yeah, there's no doubt. Because you sort of can't avoid it. And yeah, if you're just scrolling on your For You timeline and there's some sort of porny, quasi-porn-like thing, yeah, it's hard not to just click on it.  But again, that's not the experience that I signed up for. Twitter was so much better when you could argue with journalists. It was news. I don't know. It's...  Yeah, that's primarily what it was for. It's a news platform. And it used to be that you could have like porn on there because people would promote their OFs, but those accounts are like suppressed and you would have to like go and find them and follow them. Because it would suppress nude content because it didn't just want that to show up in your feed. So you could go out and seek it on purpose, but it wasn't like the algorithm was going to show it to you.  And now it seems that it just comes up, particularly in video content. And now there's just threads that I see sometimes come up on my timeline where it's literally just a porn thread. And it's like, everyone posts their favorite backshots. Like, it's just disgusting. Yeah. The whole timeline, not the whole timeline, but a lot of the timeline has just become littered with this stuff. It's, yeah, like you said, it's just not what people signed up for when they joined Twitter. That wasn't the idea. well isn't it also weird like if you want porn you just go to porn hub right and it's all porn why do i need that mixing there's no news on porn you know it's you know it's not like there's like 10 porn things and then there's one thing of like you know rfk decides to ban tylenol and but you know  it's like you sort of go there for what you're trying to get, which is hardcore pornography. So there's just something, I don't even quite know what to say about this, but there's just something sort of bizarre about  about mixing pornography, news, and opinion. Well, when he said it's the Everything app, I guess he really meant that. Yeah. It's just your one-stop shop. You can goon. You can read the news. You can argue with people. Catch up on sports scores. Yeah. But isn't that just sort of breaking our brains where it's like...  You know, it's like, how are the Philadelphia Eagles doing on Monday Night Football? Like, oh, wow, this is crazy. AI porn. And then it's like, whoa, I can't believe Trump said that. I mean, it's like, what? Yeah. He just wants X to like totally consume your life. You shouldn't have to go anywhere else. You should just do everything on X. I mean, he even named it X. It sounds porny as hell. Yeah, no doubt.  Yeah, I don't even know what to say. But yeah, in terms of YouTube itself, so I quietly created a YouTube account after being banned. I guess I could go now and sign up for my old account. I don't even know. I'll see what happens. I'll do that after the show. But I will do some... I think...  we are really growing as a community, uh,  First off, let me say this. There's no way in hell I'm leaving Substack for YouTube because YouTube can demonetize you. I'm going to be honest. I don't even think that our highfalutin discussions are the type of thing that are going to get like 10 million views on a daily basis. Oh, no. And especially now, I don't know if you've been on YouTube lately. They've just turned it into TikTok. it's all like short a lot of it's just short form content now yeah it's become way slopified even the ads are really bad like the like a lot of the rumble ads have been coming over to youtube the rumble ads are just like genuinely hilarious  It's like how you should like replace your car's antifreeze with ivermectin. I'm not even... What? I'm only mildly exaggerating on that one. It's like weird. It's like low rent, boomer-fied, and conspiratorial. That's what I was trying to get at. I mean, I don't want to be rude here, but it's like...  You are a deranged and poor boomer. That's like the audience. Wow. They're selling dip and boner pills. It's crazy. Yeah. It's bad. Yeah. Like how ivermectin can improve your rate on a reverse mortgage. I mean, it's like...  Ivervectin-laced adult diapers. I'm just spitballing here. That's like what I found. Anyway. Something to do with conspiracy theories and incontinence. It's both. Those are the ads. And reverse mortgages. You can totally screw over your children and grandchildren. Completely. Anyway.  So I'm going to start. We do actually quietly have an account and I haven't really been tweeting it out. I've just sort of had it there and I haven't been putting a lot of time into it. I do think that YouTube is a better video platform than Twitter. And so I think I will start.  putting more content on YouTube. I would say this. There's no way in hell I'm going to leave Substack. First off, we've developed a really solid audience. Everyone's used to it. I'm not going to risk that by saying, oh, let's go get monetized on YouTube. I'm just simply not. I think this works, what we're doing. It ain't broke, basically. So, but I will be using YouTube to get some ideas out there and also to, you know, find some people, new people who are interested in this type of discussion where we, you know, really dive into things and people are, you know, free to ask questions. It's not super, I'll never do super chats either. I fucking hate super chats. Those are just terrible.  YouTube would be a good place to post clips from the show. Exactly. I think it's better than Twitter. I think it's still the video platform. For quality content, Twitter is still words. Yes.  All right. So let me just say, before we jump into Tylenol and autism, let's just talk briefly about Erica Kirk. Hmm.  We can talk about the whole kit and caboodle as well, but let's just lead in with this. Because I have something to say about this, actually. So there was a, quote, memorial service this weekend, which I imagine you heard about, for Charlie Kirk. And it was basically a political rally that included sparklers. But this is something that's a little... This is deeper. And I wanted to comment about this. Um...  So I'm just curious, Zach, I don't know why you are constantly up there. Remove spotlight. I guess it's because you have your video on, but it's just a dog. It's a dog. So maybe just, like, stop.  Is that too much to ask? Put in a waiting room? I don't want to kick you off. You're not doing anything wrong. There's just a dog named Zeke Luther. Okay, well, I'll just leave it. Okay, let's listen to Erica Kirk here. Charlie passionately wanted to reach and save the lost boys of the West. The young men who feel like they have no direction, no purpose, no faith, and no reason to live. The men wasting their lives on distractions, and the men consumed with resentment, anger, and hate. Charlie wanted to help them. He wanted them to have a home with Turning Point USA. And when he went onto campus, he was looking to show them a better path and a better life that was right there for the taking. He wanted to show them that. My husband, Charlie, he wanted to save young men  just like the one who took his life. That young man. That young man. On the cross, our Savior said,  Father, forgive them for they not know what they do. That man okay so um here's i guess zeke will just be up here the entire show um it's my pet dog zeus is actually in another he's not with me right now so i have a digital dog um oh it's a cat now okay whatever um so Trump also said like, you know, I don't forgive, you know, he, uh, he's like, I wish the worst upon my adversaries. No forgiveness. Don't forget. Yeah. Um, so yeah, Okay, and that's not terribly surprising, but there were a lot of people who bashed Erica Kirk, including a lot of people sort of in my ballywick here, and were basically saying this is the essence of the Christian slave morality, and, you know, Apollonians don't forgive our enemies, we kill them, or... you get the drift of this conversation and I understand where they are coming from that, that, you know, am I closer to Trump's for, you know, non-forgiveness or Erica's probably closer to Trump's just personally speaking. Um, but let me just say a few things on this. Um,  This is the message of Jesus that she is relaying. And so Christians attacking her for forgiving the killer of Charlie Kirk just have no leg to stand on.  To be honest, I mean, you know, if an Apollonian or atheist does it, sure. If a Christian does it, then they clearly have not read the gospel in my humble opinion, because that is what Jesus would do. So there's that. There's also something, there's this sort of like contradiction, or maybe that's not the right word. There's this mystery in Christian theology that God is in charge of the fate of kings, but he's also in charge of the fall of a sparrow.  As Hamlet said, it is all determined. And if it doesn't happen now, it is to come. And if it is not to come, it is now. Let go. And everything is determined. I... Cringed a bit when you would have Christians say things on on social media and elsewhere say things like there was some evil guy crooks who was trying to kill Donald Trump and Donald Trump like touch the bullet at the last moment to save.  Trump. Did I say Trump? I'm associating Trump with God. So the bullet was like about to kill Donald Trump. And then God was like, no. And then the bullet like sped off, which means that God was guilty of killing an innocent fireman, by the way. But we'll put that aside. I understand like divine intervention. It even sort of seemed that way.  So I understand why you would say that, but that is not Christian, actually. God caused Thomas Trucks to shoot and miss at Donald Trump. God, in some way, urged Tyler Robinson to kill Charlie Kirk. Everything is determined. He is behind everything. And these things like a child dying of cancer or a man hit by the bus at random, all of those things are part of the plan in the Christian worldview. So forgiveness on some level is about accepting that. Erica Kirk didn't say that exactly. But I just nevertheless think that forgiving Tyler Robinson is deeply Christian on that sort of metaphysical plane as well. It doesn't mean that you shouldn't try to do good in the world. You should, in fact. All of your intentions should be benign.  But you have to accept the mystery of that innocent child dying in a hospital of cancer. Why would God do this? You can't just say that there's no rhyme or reason to the world, this bleak atheistic outlook. You have to say that God willed it.  And even the devil is a servant of God. So anyway, I think what Erica Kirk was saying was sound as a Christian. And, you know, I've been thinking about this of like forgiving your enemies, loving your enemies, hating your enemies. And I think it's a little bit deeper than saying that.  you know, like, we're badass pagans. We want to kill our enemy. We hate them or something. Or so many of these conservatives saying, you know, politics is about friend and enemy. I think they're being very juvenile in making statements like this. So Jesus says, you know, turn the other cheek. Give him your other cheek to slap. Give him the shirt off your back. Love your enemy.  Now, might this be some sort of stoical slave religion on some level or embrace of weakness? Yeah, I think there is a lot there. I agree with Nietzsche's criticism on this matter. But remember, Nietzsche or Zarathustra, to be specific...  also said love your enemy. Now, he said it in a very different way. You should love your enemy because he's honing you. He's making you better. You know, you can only hit a home run 500 feet if the guy throws 95 right down the pike.  In other words, you need the energy of your antagonist, the pitcher, to generate the home run. So you have to love your enemy. You have to demand that he throw harder.  So that's where Nietzsche was coming from. So I think it's a little more complicated than saying that we should hate our enemies and things like that. The other thing that I've noticed from conservatives over the past, say, four to five years is as they've adopted talking points and even philosophies of some level from conservatives, the alt-right, is that you start getting people like Matt Walsh saying that politics is about friend and enemy. And here we have yet another...  misunderstanding and yet another total misunderstanding. In fact, of what Carl Schmidt was saying when Matt Walsh says it's all about friend and enemy, what he seems to be, what he seems to mean is basically it's all about partisanship. So we shouldn't even try to work with the other side, reach across the aisle,  We should just recognize them for the demons that they are, those liberals. This is not at all what Carl Schmitt was talking about. And in fact, he would see that type of insane partisan internecine thinking as the decline of the state or a state of civil war. So Carl Schmitt believes that Politics is fundamentally about friend and enemy in the sense that art of any kind is about beauty and ugliness. Whenever you create a piece of art, whether you're looking at the Mona Lisa or you just do a doodle on a page, at the end of the day, the spectrum that that art can be judged is beauty and ugliness.  And all politics is always trapped in a friend and enemy dialectic. If you do politics of any kind, like social security or ammunition expansion, you are engaged in both of those things and  vis-a-vis a competing political entity that is on some level your enemy. If you are engaging in education reform in France, it will ultimately be judged on the degree to which it is confronting the German threat, as an example. Now, Carl Schmitt also made important distinctions about... And I'll just use the English words here. He actually looked at the Greek, but I won't bother. But the difference between a sort of adversary and a total enemy. So previously, countries could... Or regimes could go to war... and shake hands afterward, and maybe have good relations in a year or so, and five years hence, they could actually be allies. The other side was not treated as demonic or inherently evil, as something that needed to be totally destroyed. It was treated as, and I'll use this word, as a sort of adversary.  You have to earn the respect of your adversary. You might need to punch your adversary in the nose, but you don't view your adversary as inhuman. Now, this broke down really during the wars of religion. in which a Catholic viewed, on some basic level, a Catholic viewed a Protestant as extremely immoral and destructive towards the message of Christ. And a Protestant viewed the Catholic as heretical and corrupting the message of Christ.  When you're dealing on this religious-like level, the only option is genocide, in effect. You have to destroy the other enemy. So Kozelik, a student of Carl Schmitt for a time, someone I admire greatly, he actually saw this in the Cold War. Didn't end up this way, but he saw this basically everything or nothing type attitude from both sides where for communism to complete itself, capitalism must be totally annihilated and vice versa. Better dead than red in the words of William F. Buckley and his acolytes.  We would rather die than live under communism. Communism must be annihilated everywhere. And when you have two adversaries thinking like this, it's going to be bad. It's going to lead to destruction, internecine wars, genocide, etc. And we shouldn't forget how awful the wars of religion were.  I mean, something like 40 percent of Bohemia was in some cases. The German lands just became the stomping ground for all this. I mean, it was a catastrophic thing. If you are engaged in that type of thinking within the same borders.  you are in effect in civil war. You can hate the Democrats or think their ideas are horrible, et cetera, but if you think the Democrats are demonic,  then you are undermining the state itself and you are part of its decline. You're participating in it in some way. Either you're causing it or you're just a sort of symptom of the collapse of the state. It's civil war. So when, you know, matt walsh or jd vance they they say these things you know like you know we just need to kick out all the liberals they're they're all terrible they hate us and they want to die or whatever they want to cut your children's dick off and turn them gay or all that kind of stuff even if it might even have a kernel of truth to it uh they are not  promoting the health of the state, a healthy state that could confront other adversaries. They are participating in its collapse. And so this other thing came to mind this morning when we're thinking about friend and enemy and loving your enemy. And I think it rhymes in many ways with  Nietzsche's or Zarathustra's injunction to love your enemy, it makes you better. Competing against another outside force, that makes you better. It's necessary for health to have some sort of competition and confrontation. But engaging in demonization within your own land is absolutely a sign of the collapse of the society and the state, which Carl Schmitt warned against. Is he? I think it's interesting you bring up the illustration of Nietzsche with these sort of debate bro or style that people like Charlie Kirk or um you know these college campus tours where you you go and hand a softball question off to you know hit the strike and you know 30 miles an hour to 100 it it's this sort of parole drift it's not really um engaging it doesn't go viral um all the that's kind of the point of tp usa whereas um i think with people in the past like the strauss scenes were interesting because they understood debate and that it was kind of a fun game like they could um pull strings and and they were kind of in um but they were still watching from the audience like they could um  orchestrate the left and the right a little bit better in a more sophisticated fashion. But now it's just so base that there's this parole. You're only as good as your adversary, you know, like, like if you, if you go up to Aaron judge and you underhand soft toss a ball to him, he's actually not going to hit it very far. But if you throw him a fastball, and so his adrenaline is high, and he turns on it, he could hit it 500 feet. But you're only as good as your adversary. And again, TPUSA, I mean, look, I don't even hate Charlie Kirk, and I certainly don't want him to be dead. But this dunking on...  Dumb trans teenagers who attend Utah Valley University. I mean, this is not improving the world. This is not getting us anywhere. It's basically a game of soft toss.  No, we just wanted open debate. Marketplace of ideas. Yeah. Just wanted to reach the other side. But you're meeting them at their level. Because, you know, if you're...  you're battling someone within the marketplace of ideas and their ideas are stupid. You're condescending. You are on their level rolling in the mud. So, yeah, but you shouldn't meet them on their level. Like if, if someone's 20 year old, if 20 years old, you should in some ways condescend to them. You should like teach them something. You know, like, yeah, the debate bro internet blood sport stuff, it's just, it can be fun, but it's just so limiting. And it just, like, discourse doesn't actually go anywhere. I guess maybe that's the distinction I would make, is that if there's productive discourse, like, if you posit something like Freudianism or something, it's a theory about...  the human mind and the world, in fact. And you can kind of build on it and have inner debates and advance this theory of Sigmund Freud further, and it can become more detailed and refined and et cetera.  If you're just playing soft toss with a transsexual in Utah, it doesn't go anywhere. You're saying the same thing over and over. There's no way for discourse to build and advance. and so i i don't think the i mean there's probably a place for this of course but i actually don't think it was doing anything good for the world and i don't know i mean did charlie kirk convince young people to become conservatives or did the world convince them to become conservative you know what i mean  Did they just become conservatives due to the power of his ideas? I don't think so. Well, he really takes off, you know, after all of the campus tours of the provocateurs, you know, that you're familiar with, but Milo and McInnis and Coulter, he's following that wake to kind of reel it in, normalize it, and... ride that wave greater conservatism and that kind of motion the kids call it on X like getting a lot of views for dunking on you know college kids or whatever because you have like many like a ton of retweets or a lot of rumble viewers which you know is like the most base audience imaginable you're not getting anything of substance so it's he's just trying to normalize that and ride that wave  Yeah. He kind of makes me appreciate Gavin McGinnis, someone who I'm not a big fan of, but at least Gavin has a shtick, you know? Gavin will probably say something totally outrageous or wrong or ridiculous, but I just find that more entertaining than a game of soft toss.  Yeah. He is entertaining, for sure, even though he's behind a paywall. Actually, he just got reinstated, which is interesting on X, but he is nuanced, and he knows how to play that provocateur very well. Yeah. I mean, again, I'm not a fan of Gavin, but in comparison to Kirk, I'm almost appreciating him. At least he'll be sort of funny and  say something, you know, be at least provocative and I don't know. Um,  Let me do this. Do you have any thoughts? I'm just going to turn off my camera just for one second because I came down here and I think I forgot my power cable. So...  Let me just find one one second. But do you have it? I know RFSU have thoughts on Erica as well. I sort of started with Erica and then just like raced past it into Carl Schmitt. But do you have any do you have any thoughts on this?  Just the reaction, I think, from a lot of Christian men has been pretty ridiculous. Just attacking her, saying that women are ruining Christianity. This isn't Christianity. And it's exactly what Jesus told you to do. It's exactly what Jesus did on the cross. And then you've got...  Molyneux saying that, no, it's actually a sin to forgive people who haven't repented. And that's nowhere in the Bible. That's nowhere in Christian theology. That's not what Jesus, again, it's not what Jesus did himself. The verse she's quoting, he's dying on the cross. They haven't repented for killing him. And then he tried to make an argument that...  well, this person knew perfectly well what they were doing. It's different. As if the people who crucified Jesus weren't aware that they were killing him. I don't understand this at all. But it's weird how it's just devolved into this  Christianity has become so feminized. Women are ruining it. It's always been quite feminine. It was women who adopted it first. It was women who believed it at first. It was women who came in the Bible to...  And the apostles all ran away and the women came to his tomb. According to John, Mary Magdalene was the first to see Jesus and not recognize him at first and then ultimately recognize him.  Right. So it's always interesting. Yes. It's always been more feminine in nature. That's that's that's Christianity. So it again, I don't know. The reactions to that have just been absolutely ridiculous. Erica obviously actually understands her faith more than these people, probably because she actually grew up born and raised Catholic and didn't like convert as a LARP on the Internet for MAGA points. So, yeah. believe it or not she actually understands her faith better than you um and yeah the criticism of her has just been ridiculous uh because again if you are a christian she is doing the christian thing this is correct what are they why are they even christian i don't know you know well it's it's like Why not... If you think that Christianity is about being badass and never forgiving people and kicking the shit out of your enemies, why are you even a Christian? Why not just be a pagan or something at that point? What's the point of Christianity if it is not... a revolution in thinking and acting i don't know i somehow it's just become i guess because with reagan i just got wrapped up with being like a a republican like that just solidified so much and so now they hate  It must just be that they know that liberals don't like it, like at least in name. So they feel like they have to... LARP as a Christian, at least, again, in name, it, like, pisses the right people off somehow, or it solidifies their credentials as a right-winger. Because, again, it's just got, like, wrapped up with the GOP because of Reagan, and now really solidified with Trump. So now you, like, have to be... You have to, like, at least say you're a Christian... To like, I guess, be a genuine right winger that somehow in the United States, at least this is how it's this is just where we're at. But they again, they don't really seem to understand what Christianity is. They actually seem to really dislike it. Anytime you're told to do something Christian, they get really angry. Yeah, there's also a foreign element involved with a lot of this TLM, Tradcast, and Russian Orthodox, which, I mean, it's Russian Orthodox is in the name, but you're also seeing a lot of Russian, pro-Russia people pushing for traditional Catholicism, which is just more sectarian, foreign sectarianism that's just not native to this country. Yeah, that's absolutely true. occurring i i would be highly skeptical of converts post 2022 converts to russian orthodoxy or something like or even even just catholic i mean like you know there's some females out there that have gone viral and work for some uh strange rumble shows that uh are catholic all of a sudden and uh this is very foreign to america yeah uh yeah i i completely agree um okay let me actually i'm i'm sorry about this as i mentioned i forgot my power cable so i went and found one here so i'm i have to look down to see the screen now because i have to plug it in in some way i don't want to run out of power obviously um  maybe there's a better solution to this, but let me go through some questions here. And then I want to pick up a little bit on like the transformation of the conservative of the Republican party into literal evangelical Christianity. But, um, first off a you, you have, um, let's see what your name is. Oh yeah. Michael.  Yeah, you brought up Schmidt earlier. Can you hear me, first of all? Yes, I can. Yeah, you brought up Schmidt earlier, and he also makes a distinction between political and private enemies or personal enemies. And what do you think? Is that a real distinction? Or did he just kind of make it up? Like, is that distinction actually found in the Bible? In the Bible? Well...  Yeah, because he makes an etymological argument. You know, he dissects the Greek. And I just want to know, you know, what you think about that. Because these right wingers, you know, some of them make the argument that it's like, oh, we should forgive our personal enemies, but not specifically our, you know, political enemies.  I think I would just reiterate what I said before. The friend-enemy confrontation is basically with a foreigner. It's a confrontation with an outside force that  that in which you in basically established sovereignty over land. And you do that in a way through enmity with your neighbors, but internal enmity. Yeah. We all have internal enmity that you could call private enmity. That's natural. We have disagreements. We,  I think our neighbors are terrible. We want to argue with them. That's, of course, just human nature. But if that becomes the line of distinction between friend and enemy, then the state has lost all sovereignty.  Like it is in a state of chaos or civil war inherently due to that. So this is something that Schmidt would warn against or just say is symptomatic of the collapse of the state. So it's like I guess what I'm saying is like Matt Walsh or J.D. Vance or these people picking up on this friend and enemy distinction. They're talking about Democrats.  basically, as their enemy. And they're even talking about an obvious enemy like Russia as their friend. So they have inverted Schmidt's political philosophy, basically. And I don't know if they can see this. So if you are treating internal matters that should be below the realm of the of the political as political you are in effect in a state of chaos or civil war and that is very bad so you're not like reviving america by demonizing democrats now maybe they are evil and maybe we already are in effect in a slow motion quiet civil war  You could analyze the situation like that. But you are not making things better by acting like this. And you are, in a way, symptomatic of that civil war. You are not overcoming it. That is, to the best of my abilities, what Kyle Schmidt would say in addressing this. Chris? Oh.  Yeah, I found the commentary we just had about the motivations. What are the motivations for people on the alt-right or distant right becoming Christian or embracing it, given their general sort of worldview and attitudes? And I think more commonly it has to do with the fear of kind of being too much of an outsider rather than desiring to be an outsider, let's say. There's so much about their posture that can be explained by a kind of status anxiety, status consciousness, and ultimately a lack of self-confidence. Remember, this first kind of came home to me after Charlottesville back in 2017, when, as you'll recall, Richard, so many people who were Part of the movement basically responded to the repression by saying like, hey, hey, guys, you got it all wrong. I'm an ordinary person just like you. You shouldn't hate me. I'm not an extremist. In fact, I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. I just want a Christian revival. There was this kind of retreat on the part of so many alt-rightists into Christianity as a way of saying, hey, I'm just normal like you. Don't be mad at me. Don't hate me for being racist. Hey, I'm a normal guy.  Yeah. And and, you know, it's like if you try to explore other options or get into these deeper questions, it's like, whoa, whoa, put on the fedora, dude, like a tip tipping fedora, man. What's going on with that? And there's just and we have to, as someone mentioned earlier, this is attitude that we have to go to people where they are. If the people that we care about and want to reach are these suburbanites watching Fox News, wearing Bermuda shorts, and they're all Christians, well, we got to be Christians, too, because we're standing for them. And on some level, they kind of want to be those people or want to emulate those people as well.  Yeah. Well, I agree with everything you said. I mean, I do think Charlottesville is traumatic because the right denounced Charlottesville and the right denounced J6 at the very beginning. And then they sort of came around to it and embraced J6 or denied J6 or...  some combination thereof. But yeah, I do think it was traumatic for them. And there was this just massive ideological retreat immediately after that. Um,  Yeah, it is funny. I think it also gets to something that we've talked about as well, which is like, these people think that their mission in life is to red pill their uncle.  And so you don't want to offend your uncle. You also don't want to get too nuanced with old Uncle Jed. He's not into the gray. He likes the black and the white. And it's like... What they how they understand themselves is that they are tweeting to this like Fox News watching regular guy constantly. And if they just overwhelm him with pictures. of a ukrainian woman getting stabbed in the neck or something like this or a screaming transsexual that at some point uncle jed is going to become a nazi and like you just have to keep at it like it's it's gonna happen guys and at one point like all uncle jed's around the country will just be nazis And I think that's how the dissident riot or the alt-right or whatever you want to call them, I think that's how they think. That's how they understand what they're doing. Yeah, I totally agree. And they really care too deeply, ultimately, about what the Uncle Jeds of the world think of them. know if uncle if uncle jed thinks that they're weird or have a strange opinion that it would really hurt them that they don't want to live in a world where the uncle jed's think they're a little different or too different yeah um let's go to rollo well i wanted to comment on two things one was i think rfh said something like you know why why are these Republicans going to Christianity, even though it seems like they hate it, which is an excellent point. I mean, if you open up the Bible, a lot of the things that even come from the straight from the mouth of Jesus contradicts directly values that Republicans and conservatives hold. But I do think that Christianity also kind of has that it has in practice, it has this sort of cultural sway that's that's hard to get away from and that sort of tells uh you could say people in the west who they are like what is american nationalism without christianity i'm sure you could conceive of something but that would require a little bit of thinking outside the box and you know interrogating uh  American values of the past. And that's a little bit above the pay grade of the conservatives. Whereas it's just easier to say like, you know, who am I? Well, I'm a Christian. I stand up for, you know, conservative values, like, you know, the right to bear arms, you know, no abortions, just like Jesus said. And you don't even have to open up the Bible because like, there's just sort of a there's something that happens, I guess, in not just America, but in like Russia, you know, it's, it seems like a lot of Russian nationalists are at least nominally Orthodox. Why? Well, because when it was put into practice, they made some sort of practical considerations and it's like, well, you know, forgive your enemy. You know, we'll, we'll figure that out later or something like that. But it's a way to say, this is who I am. And I remember in November, I even asked, last November, when Nick Fuentes was on, I asked him, like, why are you a Catholic? Because, like, Catholics are the... You're against mass immigration, and Catholic NGOs are kind of the biggest organizations taking, you know, funneling in immigrants. Like, they...  a lot of Catholics are very progressive. It's not even inherent to the United States. So why are you a Catholic? And his biggest reason was, well, it tells us who we are vis-a-vis the Jews and it's, it's our banner. And the other thing I wanted to say was I can't remember who it was. It was like AA or a, or someone on here said, you know, Catholicism is very foreign to the United States. And, i agree it's not a part of the fabric of the united states um at least not in a way that is a marginal thread in the fabric but you know yeah but it's it's not i i this is a protestant nation i yeah but but go on i would agree with that but yeah i do think that you're going to as people sort of flock more to christianity for some sense of identity i think these these uh sects of christianity that have the organization down like you know say what you will about protestantism any of its merits it's it's a very it's becoming more low church and they're they don't all the public schools have become secularized you know when before they maybe were waspish but there are still Catholic schools and over on the West coast, there are, you know, Mormon schools and they, they have the organization component down pat. Yeah. And I think that helps them penetrate the higher institutions. That's all. Yeah. Well, well, Peter Thiel notably, right. He, he's his man, he's made man is Catholic, um, as of recently conversion. Um, and he, you know, Bill or,  Irving Crystal rather started the collegiate network. So, and we know the Opus Dei is well connected. So it makes sense that they still have their private schools going.  Yeah. No, I think Protestantism has two problems. It is too diffuse in so many ways for obvious reasons. You start reforming the Catholic Church, and then you start reforming the Reformed, and reforming the Reformed, Reformed, and  and so on. It metastasized fragments. Also the wasp elite Episcopalians and Presbyterians just became liberals over time. And it just is what it is. Um, let me just say a couple of things here. Um, so online, we notice this conversion of,  factor of someone will be an online right-wing shit Lord or grifter. And then next thing, you know, it's inevitable. He is going to become a Catholic or Russian Orthodox. The fact that Sam Hyde, who at his best was a nihilistic comedian. I mean, that nihilism can be funny and,  The fact that he's now demanding that you say Christ is Lord. I mean, it was looking back at it. It was inevitable. If he wants a spot on the right wing train, he's got to do it in some way, shape or form. It's also interesting that.  These people are converting to Catholicism or Russian Orthodoxy. They're not converting to mainline Episcopalianism, but they're also not becoming evangelicals. And here I would stress online personalities. They're sort of taking a dive into the smells and bells and Latin of the old mass or the mystery and icons of the Orthodox Church. They're going sort of hardcore, or I guess you could also say the fact that it's arcane and difficult to understand, confusing and old, that's a feature, not a bug. You know, there's something attractive about the medieval quality of Catholicism and Orthodox Christianity. It's a better LARP.  You know, do you want to LARP as a dad with khakis and a golf shirt going to a megachurch? Or do you want to LARP as like a medieval monk? You know, which is a more fun LARP? Well, to ask the question is to answer it. Obviously, you want to go medieval.  And so I think this is happening. But then there's this other thing happening, which is the just total merging of the Republican Party and the megachurch, evangelical Christianity. And the Charlie Kirk Memorial Service just...  nailed that, where there's no separation. So if you look back historically, who was the first evangelical Christian to become president? Probably many would answer George W. Bush, but no, that's the wrong answer. The first evangelical Christian president was Jimmy Carter.  And that was a time before evangelical Christianity had been codified left or right. So as realignment progressed, as the FDR coalition started to collapse in the 60s, 70s, and 80s,  Evangelical Christians gave up on segregation. They adopted abortion as their fundamental issue. They gave up on not participating in politics or the world. Amish-like, and they started demanding participation in politics, and they demanded participation in the Republican Party. And it was a long process, but it has effectively been codified. And even in the late 70s, there were evangelical Christians who were primarying Republicans who were pro-choice.  And when they were able to defeat those guys, the whole thing fell like a house of cards. And basically every Republican was pro-life.  Ronald Reagan, not originally pro-life, he became pro-life. George Herbert Walker Bush sat on the board of Planned Parenthood. He then became vaguely pro-life in order to make it in the Republican Party. So this is a long process. It's not new. And the Republican Party would pander to these people. You know, they would talk about Billy Graham or Pat Robertson would run for president or Mike Huckabee was sort of a evangelical pastor come... politician etc etc they would pander to them and use evangelical language george w bush was very good at that on throwing in these sort of bible verses that would be understandable to laymen or secular people but then would sort of push the buttons of the evangelical base and But now we seem to be in a situation where there's no separation between the GOP and the megachurch. The Charlie Kirk rally, many notable things about it, including the pyrotechnics, but also the fact that...  if you were looking at it as an outsider, like how would you describe it? It would be, it's just a, it's church. Charlie Kirk is, uh, lionized, not for spreading Republican talking points or talking about low taxes or the second amendment. He's lionized for bringing people to Christ. He's almost become in death, a pastor, uh,  and not an influencer. And the mixing of the GOP and megachurch shtick has gone to the point where I almost don't even, like, it's gone to the point where there's no need for the GOP and there's no need for evangelical Christianity, exactly, because you have this new mixed entity that has sort of displaced both of them. And that is remarkable in my mind.  That is something truly new. There is a big backstory there. But where we are now, where voting for Trump and loving Charlie is a religious injunction.  I mean, that is remarkable. And, you know, I don't know exactly where this leads, but it's sort of it's I guess my hot take on it is that it sort of represents like the dissolution of evangelical Christianity and the Republican Party. They're sort of both being dissolved into this new weird entity.  That's just my thought. Those are my thoughts. I don't know. Izzy, do you want to jump in on this?  Yeah, I think it's the difference between... There's the vulgar, right? The Protestant megachurch. And then there's the inarticulate with the TLM, Russian Orthodox. Fundamentally... What is TLM? You mentioned that before. What is it? Traditional Latin Mass. Traditional Latin Mass. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, so they are interested in the Mysterium. And yeah, it's very esoteric. So you're... like you said it's it's very disjointed this this mass of you know largely israeli um zionist evangelicals and this i mean largely foreign and i think heavily russian involved uh esoteric um you know russian orthodox catholic it's just it's  It's a disjointed. And remember, Erica Kirk was a cradle Catholic, and she has been absorbed into this evangelical stew as well. And Elon Musk, who was a Reddit atheist, is also in the stew. Trump himself was Presbyterian his first term and is now non-Denam. Oh, that's interesting. Yeah.  He's the only president to have done it. Wow. I did not know that. Yes. He's a secret atheist, personally. Well, obviously. It is interesting that he officially has changed his position to non-denom Christianity, which is just evangelical megachurchism. yeah they're all non it's almost like non-denomination was a kind of negative connotation it's like i'm not part of anything but it's almost like now a thing like non-denom is like a positive thing and it's this basically it's mega church language  stadium size seating and vague talk about taking back the country through the GOP type. It's this new entity that has emerged called non-DOM. Well, what's interesting is that people, figures like Billy Graham has always, have always been a political figure. Like,  The distinction was always very thin. I don't think it, in some ways it's changed, in some ways it's the same.  Yeah. Billy Graham also was buddy-buddy with Nixon in the 70s. So yeah, as I said, this isn't totally new. There is a deep precedent for it. But I do feel like we're witnessing the apotheosis of it or the full unbridled emergence of this new entity called Nondom.  Which includes Catholics. I don't know. It's something. When Donald Trump ran in 2016, he actually highlighted his own mainline Presbyterian faith in contrast to Ben Carson, his rival at the time, who was the Seventh-day Adventist.  I did not know that. Ben Carson is a Seventh-day Adventist? Yes. Wow. Yes. The other thing about it is in 2016, and I'm not just being nostalgic here and projecting onto the past my own predilections or anything. In 2016, Donald Trump was the secular candidate.  At least in the Republican Party. He just was. He didn't talk about gays. If anything, he just... either ignored them or, or if anything embraced the gays, um, he did not use religious like language at all. In fact, his brutality was refreshing in the sense of like, you know, like, you know, Ted Cruz, like neocons, you know, we get away from that stuff, just close down the border. Like that, that's what it was about. And I think by 2020, um, Well, maybe even earlier, but when, because if you wanted an evangelical endorsed candidate, you, you had Ted Cruz or I guess Ben Carson as well. Like that was, that was the dynamic was that Trump was like secular racism versus religious neoconservatism from the Bush era. That was the dynamic. Yeah.  And then Trump, as he eats everything, he just ate all those people. And now I would say by 2020, Trump really is the evangelical candidate. Yeah, whereas in 2016, he had to pick Mike Pence just to ensure that he could even get the evangelical vote because what they saw him as was just a New York kind of lib. in a way like he was very secular they didn't see him as a religious man and they distrusted him and they preferred Ted Cruz but he still had more support overall but they wanted to solidify that so they went with a very evangelical governor for his VP pick now that's not necessary he picks some some Catholic from Silicon Valley because Trump just is the evangelical candidate himself now  Yes, that is absolutely true. He's almost like projecting forward what MAGA is going to look like with Vance. And he is the evangelical candidate. Whereas in 2016, he needed Mike Pence to give him some bona fides, basically. I'm a Presbyterian. That's straight down the middle, folks. Presbyterian, straight down the middle, folks. I don't know about the Seventh Day stuff.  So he said that in Iowa or something? He did. He did say that. They go to church on Saturday. Wow. Very odd. No Christmas with those people. Very, very, very mean and unfair to Santa.  his exasperation with Ben Carson's popularity was pretty funny. At one point he did say like, this guy says, he's like, how stupid are the people of Iowa? How stupid are the people of this country? That's so much more reasonable. yeah that's true i wish we had that trump back where he's just like what the hell why would you want this guy with this freak religion now he's just fully embraced it and fully turned the gop into a megachurch it's crazy how much has changed  Yeah, it's remarkable stuff. Let me do this. I'm gonna move my computer back up here so that I can look at it. Because I have some videos and things. Hopefully I won't just fully run out of power. Let's hope not. Let's see where I am.  All right, well, we're an hour and a half in, so. All right, let's play some material from the recent press conference on Tylenol. This really came out of nowhere.  Didn't it? I mean, I heard some people talk about this early on, but this just reached me. I heard some people mentioning this on Twitter about the Tylenol thing, but this really reached me as a shock. Let's just watch a little bit of Trump here.  Thank you very much. So I've been waiting for this meeting for 20 years, actually. And it's not that everything's 100% understood or known, but I think we've made a lot of strides. I wish it was done a long time ago. Today we're delighted to be joined by America's top medical and public health professionals as we announce historic steps to confront the crisis of autism. Horrible, horrible crisis. I want to thank the man who brought this issue to the forefront of American politics along with me.  And we actually met in my office, is it like 20 years ago, Bobby? It's probably 20 years ago in New York. I was a developer, as you probably heard, and I always had very strong feelings about autism and how it happened and where it came from. And he and I, I don't know, the word got out, and I wouldn't say that people were very understanding of where we were, but it's turning out that  We understood a lot more than a lot of people who studied it, we think. And I say we think because I don't think they were really letting the public know what they knew. Thanks as well to the director of the National Institute of Health. So Trump was up in Trump Tower being like, it's the aspirin. It's creating these spurgs. Is he saying Barron's autistic? maybe i don't know that i didn't even think of that he said he's been thinking about it for 20 years that's about baron's age that's baron's age yeah was he just like what's wrong with this kid i need an answer eric is stupid that one's obvious but this baron my god maybe it was his old sperm he had how old is he when he had baron  Oh, I bet 60. Yeah. He has no theory of mind. I don't yeah I this the easiest thing to say here is that this is just total bullshit I bet he met with RFK Jr. in which they were just I don't know like talking about Epstein prostitutes or something but then he's like retroactively refitted to be like you're talking about autism like I just this is absurd  I don't know. Maybe RFK was trying to raise money for his anti-vax 501c3 or something. Well, one thing that's kind of getting lost in the shuffle of some of these conversations is that Trump does have a background prior to 2016 of being vaccine skeptical and of saying things along those lines. This kind of got lost in the shuffle. I did not know this, Chris. Yeah. Yes, in the debates, the primary debates in 2016, one of the things that was brought up was that Trump had said critical things about vaccines. And Trump said, well, when I had my kids, I made sure they were spaced out. He's like, listen, he basically said like, I'm just raising questions. He said, look, I know someone, they have a beautiful baby. Baby is fantastic, beautiful baby. Then the baby gets vaccinated,  And the diagnosis comes back, autism. What's going on here? I don't know. And then Ben Carson, actually, to his credit, came in. He's a physician, of course, and said, there have been scientific studies that show there's no connection between vaccines and autism. And then he kind of said, well, you know, I space out the vaccines in my kids. Ben Carson said, yeah, that's fine. And Trump's like, that's all I'm saying.  That's all I'm saying. Space out the vaccines. But he had been raising questions about a connection between vaccines and autism before he ran for president. I appreciate your mentioning this. I had totally forgotten that. I probably watched that debate and just sort of it was water off duck's back because I just didn't want to even contemplate the notion that he was an anti-vaccine.  Maybe he thinks Eric or Don has autism, and this is why he has his obsession with it. Wow. Okay, let's just keep going. Dr. Jay Bhattacharya, FDA Commissioner Dr. Marty McCary. These are great people. Administrator of the Centers for Medicine and Medicaid Services, Dr. Mehmed Oz.  and Acting Assistant Secretary of HHS, Dr. Dorothy Fink. So thank you all. Thank you, Dorothy, very much. The meteoric rise in autism is among the most alarming public health developments in history. There's never been anything like this. Just a few decades ago, one in 10,000 children had autism. So that's not a long time. And I've always heard, you know, they say a few, but I think it's,  a lot less time than that. It used to be one in 20,000, then one in 10,000, and I would say that's probably 18 years ago. And now it's one in 31, but in some areas it's much worse than that, if you can believe it, one in 31. And I gave numbers yesterday, for boys it's one in 12. I was told that's in California where they have  for some reason a more severe problem. But whether it's 1 in 12 or 1 in 31, can you imagine? That's down from 1 in 20,000, then 1 in 10,000. And now we're at the level of 1 in 12 in some cases for boys, 1 in 31 overall. So since 2000, autism rates have surged by much more than 400%. Instead of attacking those who ask questions, everyone should be grateful for those who are trying to get the answers to this complex situation. And the first day all of these great doctors behind me were there, I told them this is what we got. We have to find out. Because when you go from 20,000 to 10,000 and then you go to 12, you know there's something artificial. They're taking something. And by the way, I think I can say that there are certain groups of people that don't take vaccines and don't take any pills that have no autism. That have no autism. Does that tell you something? That's currently, is that a correct statement, by the way? There are some studies that suggest that, yeah, with the Amish. There are some studies. The Amish, yeah. Virtually. The Amish, yeah. I heard none. See, Bobby wants to be very careful with what he says, and he should, but I'm not so careful with what I say. Yeah. But you have certain groups. The Amish, as an example, they have essentially no autism. First, effective immediately, the FDA will be notifying physicians that the use of, well, let's see how we say that. acetaminophen acetaminophen said okay which is basically commonly known as Tylenol during pregnancy can be associated with a very increased risk of autism so taking Tylenol  is not good. I'll say it. It's not good. For this reason, they are strongly recommended that women limit Tylenol use during pregnancy unless medically necessary. That's, for instance, in cases of extremely high fever.  Then you feel you can't tough it out, you can't do it. I guess there's that. It's a small number of cases, I think. But if you can't tough it out, if you can't do it, that's what you're going to have to do. You'll take a Tylenol, but it'll be very sparingly. It can be something that's very dangerous to the woman's health. In other words, a fever that's very, very dangerous and Ideally a doctor's decision because I think you shouldn't take it and you shouldn't take it during the entire pregnancy They may tell you that toward the end of the pregnancy you shouldn't take it during the entire and you shouldn't give the child the Tylenol every time he goes he's born He goes and has a shot You shouldn't give a Tylenol to that child All pregnant women should talk to their doctors for more information about limiting the use of this medication and So ideally you don't take it at all, but if you have to, if you can't tough it out, if there's a problem, you're going to end up doing it. The other thing that I can tell you that I'll say that they will maybe say a little bit later date, but I think when you go for the shot, you do it over a five time period. take it over five times or four times, but you take it in smaller doses and you spread it out over. He's now talking about talking about vaccines and they pump so much stuff into those beautiful little babies. It's a disgrace. I don't see it. I don't I think it has. I think it's very bad. They're pumping. It looks like they're pumping into a horse. You have a little child, little fragile child and you get a  a vat of 80 different vaccines I guess, 80 different blends and they pump it in. So ideally a woman won't take Tylenol and on the vaccines it would be good instead of one visit where they pump the baby loaded up with stuff. You'll do it over a period of four times or five times. I mean, I've been so into this issue for so many years just because I couldn't understand how a thing like this could happen. And you know it's artificially induced. It's not like something that, when you go from all of those healthy babies to a point where I don't even know structurally if a country can afford it, and that's the least of the problems. To have families destroyed over this is just so terrible.  I also, and we've already done this, we want no mercury in the vaccine. We want no aluminum in the vaccine. The MMR I think should be taken separately. This is based on what I feel, the mumps, measles, and the three should be taken separately. And it seems to be that when you mix them, there could be a problem.  So there's no downside in taking them separately. Okay. I was waiting for him to say fight like hell. I think he was talking to women like we have a fever. Fight like hell like we did on January 6th. Okay. This raises questions about the causes of autism, but  also raises questions of what autism is, in effect. So, and I would like to talk about this. So, obviously,  There are words and there are things. And we put words onto reality in order to better understand reality and maybe even change it. So before we had a word like autism spectrum disorder, we had words like weird or nerdy or just a bit off or retarded. We had lots of different words for or gay. So we had lots of different words for a phenomenon.  before we started using autism. As we became more sophisticated and scientists would argue about autism and what it is and et cetera, we started diagnosing it more and more. A teacher wouldn't just say, Johnny is weird, possibly queer.  The teacher would say, suffering from autism. And so, of course, autism increased in the sense that the words used to refer to it increased tremendously. There is a substacker, actually, who, Jordan, he goes by Kremia. Is that how you pronounce his name? who's actually done some really good work and i thought i put it into the scratch pad here maybe i missed it but he shows pretty definitively that it isn't just using new words to diagnose things but there are federal financial incentives  in education and healthcare that is also going to increase the diagnoses of autism. In other words, you can get more funding with more diagnoses. It's just a classic case of a perverse incentive, actually. And this maps directly to the outbreak of autism. Autism is also  no doubt has a heritable function. So these are just some data that I was looking into. A CDC-based study looked at 20,000 children aged 8 with autism, found 26.7 of them met criteria for profound autism. That is really the debilitating version of this disease that, yes, is absolutely a struggle, could result in children being nonverbal or ironically being hyperverbal at a very young age. But yes, that is debilitating. Many of these children can't care for themselves, will never be able to care for themselves, etc.  75% thus are more high functioning. And I think it is reasonable to say that autism is a superpower. And I know that sounds like millennial cringe, but I genuinely believe that.  Autistic people are better at understanding things and systems and not people. People who are much more intuitive understand people. They might even be people pleasers. Autistic people are the opposite of people pleasers. I can remember at University of Chicago, I think I've told this story before, of this woman with autism. And this was back in 2003, and you still had to go to the computer lab to print out your paper to hand it in. None of this happens anymore. But anyway, she was there, and everyone was frantically finishing up our papers and doing last-minute corrections, typos, and all that kind of stuff. And she was just talking to them about the history of jazz music or Tin Pan Alley or something. And people were like...  Yeah, that's great. OK, got to work on the paper. She's like, oh, really fascinating. You know, Gershwin, did I ever tell you about it? At some point, my colleagues, you just had to literally directly tell her, please stop talking because I need I have 15 minutes.  to finish up this paper. And I can't do it while being lectured on Gershwin. And so people just like one after another would just directly say, please stop. And she would thus get the message. Suffering from Asperger's, no doubt. But there are benefits to being like that. there are benefits to being able to engage in pattern recognition, to see systems in the world, to sort of deperson other people and see them as a thing. I know that sounds terrible or even psychopathic,  But autistics are not psychopaths. They can absolutely feel emotion and empathy in their own way. But there's absolutely a benefit to being able to see the world in that way. And yes, autistic people... their train sets in their basement and were obsessed with numbers or, you know, when they were looking at, I'm sorry, I'm such a baseball fanatic. There's no doubt that autistic people, whereas other people looked at the sport of baseball and saw personalities and drama. Is Mickey Mantle going to hit a home run? Autistic people saw numbers and  And they saw a system, a thing, as opposed to people. And they revolutionized the way we look at sports. They were the quants. They were the analyst. They were the autistics. This is great, actually. I think that there is probably a group evolutionary purpose to autism. That there needs to be not too much, not too little, just the right amount of autism in a society for it to function at a very high level. Most people should not be autistic.  Some people should be, actually. And you can look at an example of something like sickle cell anemia. Why does that exist? And why does that exist predominantly in Africans and African-Americans?  Of course. Why? Because it helps you fight malaria. Now, if you have too much of it, you're going to suffer from sickle cell. If you don't have any of it, you're not going to be able to fight malaria. Thus, there's a kind of optimization of something that could be malign. There's an optimization of something that could be malign, as is autism. Even people who are high-functioning autistics are kind of annoying if they don't get it, if they're not able to see your point of view or understand what you're trying to imply. I understand that it can be malign, but I don't think we would have a high-functioning, advanced technological society without some autism. And also, to bolster my point that autism is selected on the group level, it is no doubt heritable. So we like to think of autism as something that you catch on.  Or something that is developmental. They had too much mercury or something like that. Or even they have too much screen time as a child. And I basically will grant that particularly the screen time and interpersonal relations probably does affect...  development, no doubt affects development and can lead to a sort of autism. That being said, the genetic component of this that was poo-pooed by RFK, because he doesn't want to think in these terms, he wants to think in a way that a class action lawyer can sue companies like Tylenol or the vaccine manufacturers, etc. They don't want to think in terms of the genetic evidence.  So this is twin studies. If one identical twin has autism, the chance the other twin is also autistic is very high. Estimates range between 60 to 80%. This shows a strong genetic link. Family patterns. Siblings of autistic children are more likely to also be autistic compared to the general population. Genetic variants. Researchers have found hundreds of genes associated with autism.  Thus, it's polymorphic, polygenic, I guess is the right word. Some are rare mutations with a strong effect, while others are common genetic variants that each contribute a small amount. There's not going to be an autistic gene that you could isolate. It's a combination of factors. But all that proves is that autism is... part of your mind it is not a disease that you catch and it's not it is to some degree I'll grant that but it's not entirely a developmental malady it is part of the genomic composition of your mind of your psychology you are born autistic you are autistic on some level maybe not completely but on some level And it is a way of interacting in the world, a way of seeing the world that has plenty of downsides, but plenty of upsides. And I think actually the upsides overall outweigh the downsides. And it is good that we have a certain amount of autism in our society. There is no doubt that  Isaac Newton and Beethoven, etc., etc., were neuroatypical in some way. You hear these stories of Beethoven walking around his apartment naked. He's deaf, obviously, banging on keys, lying down on the floorboard so he could feel the vibrations. Some of that had to do with his deafness, of course, but there's no doubt that he was...  antisocial and a bit of a freak and thought differently. There is a lot of evidence in the biography of Isaac Newton that he was autistic. He actually had an autistic rage against his parents at one point. We don't know for sure, of course, but all I'm saying is that the combination of high IQ and autism can be a very good thing.  And there is no doubt that people who made dramatic contributions to the world were autistic. So just even the framing of all of this, of something has to be done to cure the autism, I think is just absolutely wrong. Secondly, in terms of the studies that he's citing, the person who wrote those studies wasn't convinced himself. Half of the studies point in the other direction. And the largest study on Tylenol and autism that was done in Northern Europe came back in the other direction. Oh, interesting. I just said this meeting is being recorded, I guess, by someone else.  Okay, that's fine. Someone can just send me the record. Just someone can put it into Dropbox or something and just send me a link on Substack, perhaps. Yeah, it is what it is. This is going to create some few headaches for me. splicing this together but yeah the sickle cell is ultimately a good thing for Africans in Africa who are facing the challenge of malaria  It evolved for a reason. And just because people develop sickle cell anemia and many of them suffer from that does not mean that overall it's a good thing. And I just think it's sort of hard to get that. There's always a trade-off. If you cure sickle cell anemia, if you had a magic wand and you could make it vanish,  then millions of Africans would die of malaria. And it's, I don't know, like there's a trade-off with autism. For every person with debilitating autism, there are, like for every one, there are three autists who are high functioning and are really good accountants or really good at aeronautics or, you know,  They see the world in a different way, and that's actually a good thing. Yeah. It seems that there is an ideal sort of percentage that nature wants to have of that. Otherwise, it wouldn't be here. It's not like autism didn't... Autism is not some new thing that arose. Clearly...  There were autistics in the past. And if you look at personal biographies of geniuses, they very often are antisocial. You know, were they narcissist and self-absorbed? Obviously, that's the case with many artists.  Were they just total psychos? Perhaps. But autism seems to be a label that fits for so many of them. And so why are we afraid of this thing? We're deathly afraid that a kid might catch it or something. It's just the wrong way to think about it.  Well, I've seen some... There's people who claim that there's more profound cases now, though. That's going up. And obviously, these profound cases don't really have a use like that. It's just debilitating. The classic sort of Asperger's... Maybe it's... I mean, they used to have two separate diagnoses. You had Asperger's, and then you had autism. And they probably shouldn't have merged those, because it does seem those are kind of different conditions in a way. Asperger's is probably, you know, like we were talking about earlier, like Newton or these other, you know, great minds that came up with these theories and are self-involved and kind of have kind of rage at people. They probably have... had Asperger's, but it seems that we're seeing more cases of people who are just nonverbal and can't function at all. Or maybe it's just that that used to just be classified as just being retarded, and now we're saying it's autism. Yeah.  Obviously, mental retardation is something different than autism. But there's no doubt that, you know, 50, 100 years ago, like someone with debilitating autism might have been just classed as retarded. Right. Yes. And now we're just seeing more people just being put under the umbrella label of autism spectrum disorder. And that's why it's, quote, going up.  It used to just be a retard. Right. And it might also just be that kids are just getting weirder because they're not socialized and they're online. So there's also just more people being diagnosed with autism. They don't really have it. They're just really under socialized. You can almost like, in a sense, induce autism. It's not actually autism, but I agree with that. Yeah.  I agree. I mean, that's the thing as well. I think dysmorphia is a good word or maybe even a psychosis because a psychosis is a break with reality in some way. You are psychotic in the sense that you think you're Napoleon or you think the aliens are out to get you or you think there are demons everywhere. You're hearing voices. Psychosis is that break. It's actually the origin of the word schizo, break. um and yeah so like i think we're induced and dysmorphia is also a break because the dysmorphia dysmorphia that we saw you know when i was a lot younger was not gendered dysmorphia but it was something like bulimia where bulimia is not so much about starving yourself and it  at least at its essence, it's about thinking that you are in fact fat. So the true anorexic or bulimic is convinced that she is 100 pounds overweight when in fact she's dangerously underweight. And so they have a psychotic break with reality. They look in the mirror and they think that they're fat, whereas in reality, they're perfectly healthy or in fact underweight. And I think the getting kids on screens constantly, constantly playing video games, constantly like having a weird avatar of yourself in Roblox, having an avatar of yourself even in something a little more benign like Facebook.  is this not generating a sort of psychotic break with reality on some level? You know, like most of us can survive that. And, you know, if you play a game where you're another character, you stop playing the game at some point. You're like, oh, okay, I'm me again. I'm here in this world, whatever. But yeah, there's no doubt that that can create a type of psychotic break. that maybe could be thought of as autism in the sense that you're not connecting with other people. You're not being able to walk in their shoes or see in their eyes, you know? And so I don't doubt that there is like environmentally induced autism on some level, but maybe here again, You know, we're using one category and putting that onto all of these different phenomena and that can be a real problem. I was thinking of a joke of like going to a pediatrician and like being like, am I autistic? Is that? And they're like, sir, you're charted. You're just charted.  Actually, you're weird. You're weird. You're not, yeah. You're just a weird guy. You're gay. You're gay. Well, like, a lot of the criticisms people have about Gen Z, a lot of the way they act feels autistic, but they probably don't actually have autism. It's just that they're on a phone all day and they're under-socialized. It's like the Gen Z stare. They...  They literally cannot connect with people. They cannot make eye contact. They don't know how to have a back and forth of a normal conversation. This reads as autism, but it's actually just being severely under-socialized. A number of things could be leading into this, quote, epidemic where it's really just... an over diagnosis epidemic not really an increase in the rates of autism it's just recategorizing retarded people it's an increase in just general narcissism and social awkwardness that's screen induced that's now being categorized as autism yes It's also just that, like you were saying earlier, there's financial incentives with these schools to diagnose kids with autism as they get more money. So there's a lot going on there that could account for, at the very least, the majority of this, quote, increase that's happening. And also, think of how powerful it would be if Trump...  you know, did an address to the nation and said, you know, we've got to talk about it. Too many screens. We're staring at our computers all day. Like, I mean, first off, I mean, maybe like, you know, Apple and  Samsung might push back or something. And, you know, they're like, oh, you're, you know, you're using the pulpit of the presidency to demean our company. There would be some pushback. But to be honest, I'm not sure how much pushback they could do. You know, if he just said, like, you know, we need to take this serious... Because even Apple and the iPhone, and I presume you also find this on Android, they'll, like, track your screen time and tell you maybe it's time to log off. So they themselves are acknowledging and addressing the problem. So I...  Yeah, go on, Izzy. There's a trend of dumb phones. There's also a trend on YouTube. Predominantly, there's a lot of women, but kind of like woke men as well. But they're pushing to go offline, decentralize your phone, and bringing back MP3s. There's this nostalgia factor. But there is a push that people are ready for. Yeah, because it's not... No one thinks you're crazy if you say we're spending too much time on our screens. So, yeah, it's clearly well accepted in society that this is a serious issue. Well, even the FBI guy... do something like that as opposed to the fucking Tylenol everyone basically agrees on the screens and it would be pretty that would actually be a very good use of the presidency is just to say like look when you do something about the screens like we're gonna  We're going to do some program where we get kids outside and less on their phones. That would actually be a very popular position. I think very few people would oppose the president doing this. Even Libs would agree. Kids need less time. I know. It would be so much more productive than saying, stop taking Tylenol while you're pregnant. Yeah. And also, as many people pointed out, like parents who have autistic children and the genetic factors might be predominant, they're going to think back of like, oh, that time I took Tylenol and I doomed my child to a life of hell by taking Tylenol. It's just sort of ridiculous. Yeah. Secondly, when autistic children pop out and the woman has taken no Tylenol, then we're going to be in this like situation like, oh, what's the real cause? Right. Back to the vaccines, I guess. Yeah. A lot of this Maha stuff with taking out a lot of the preservatives and food and Red 40, it's all a lot of fear-mongering to kind of solidify the base and keep them stuck on this schizo rumble plantation to make them afraid of everything. It's very odd. Yeah.  All right, let me set up my computer. I'll get it charging here. All right. All right, we have 58 people have stuck with us. Wow. yeah this is like someone said in the chat this is like that like life blogging yes from the 2000s we're like justine wasn't that her name she was this like blonde chick and she just like blogged her life that was a weird phenomenon glad that's ended  I think with Substack, it's kind of like a rebirth of the forums. Now that all the algorithms and all social media kind of blows, it's nice to find a silo. Yeah. Yeah, you fit in. It's obviously, I think even with YouTube opening up, we can be less siloed, but...  Yeah, I think it's actually a good thing. Yeah, someone was saying a hiking stream. I don't know. I attach the phone right here and just talk while hiking. Yeah, some people might enjoy that. Okay, good. My computer is... going i think i'm going to use this combination i'm going to speak into my computer and then just use the audio here in my ears my airpods um do you guys hear me all right so the microphone's not too bad i guess microphone on the macbook is pretty good that's fine okay that's good um so  This is just what I wanted to talk about the Amish a little bit. There is this just like weird fascination that the conservatives have for the Amish. And it's wrapped up in anti-vax stuff. And it's wrapped up in the birthrate question. And I remember hearing this from white nationalists.  like many years ago, and dismissing it at the time is just utterly stupid. I also remember visiting Paul Gottfried, I think this was back in 2010, and I stayed at his house for a little bit, and he was in Pennsylvania at Elizabethtown College. And I got...  a little taste of the Amish. I've never really lived near the Amish. There's some Mennonites out here in Montana that I don't really encounter them other than seeing them at the farmer's market selling butter, which is fine, I guess. But my encounter with the Amish, I just instinctively despised them.  And the more... I also instinctively despise the idea that we should just go back to the land. It was a simpler time with the plain people where you didn't do things like read or think. You just knew your place in the world. And that place was raising a barn and churning butter. And it's just this... It's like a bad romanticism, just this fantasy with becoming dumb and small minded, which is impossible on some level, but I would say also undesirable. But I've also noticed that, you know, again, maybe one out of 100 people would be like, oh, the Amish, they're great, like in white nationalist circles. Now it's almost like this is the theme. So Trump mentioned the Amish at the press conference. Another person asked a question that I assume is some Fox News hack about the Amish and how they don't have ADHD and autism and so on. This seems to be coming from Theo Vaughn. So let me just point out.  Do they have ADD in the Amish community? Do you know what is ADD? I'm not even quite sure. Oh, wow. ADD, it's like, let me think. You ever have that feeling like when somebody's tickling you or whatever kind of? Yeah. And you're like, you just can't even handle it? Yeah. It's like that feeling, but it's like in your brain kind of when you're trying to pay attention. So it's like you're paying attention. It's not really what ADHD is.  I don't know. That's not, I mean, I think I have some degree of ADHD, but I don't feel that way. It's just like, I can't, it's sort of hard to concentrate because you like want to do other things. I don't know. It's not a tickling feather thing.  You know? No, I don't think anyone has ADD that enough. I hope not because that wouldn't be too fun to have. Oh, yeah. I think it's like, yeah, you get to change your mind without even doing it, you know? So if you drive a car, if you have ADD, so can you focus on the road or you're like looking over to the ditch and then this car and the guy in the passenger seat? I think it gets a little bit testy for some people, like it's too much, you know? Yeah, pull that up. Do the Amish have ADD? Pull that up.  Let's get a gander at that. That's a great question. Yeah. I've never heard of ADD before. Then you must not have it, brother. Oh, yeah. The Amish do experience ADD, but reported rates are noticeably lower than in the general population, and diagnosis practices may differ significantly due to cultural and lifestyle factors. Wow. That's pretty fascinating. yeah again this was just like a sort of stupid version of this general theme and i let's let's look at the amish um a little more seriously okay let me go to something right here more  Okay, let's just watch the puppy mill thing. While some claim that the Amish own about 20 percent of America's puppy mills, Snopes says that's not entirely true, but just for one reason. It's impossible to tell just how many they run. Can I take a look at it? Not really. We don't usually that very many people look at it. The Humane Society of the United States estimates there are around 10,000 puppy mills in the country. And yes, many have been linked to the Amish community. In 2017, for example, the SPCA seized 27 dogs from a Lancaster County breeder, treated those that were in desperate need of medical attention, and rehomed them. Then they pressed charges against the breeder. Livewire Lancaster reported that in 2009, Lancaster County had been declared the puppy mill capital of the U.S., a title they directly linked to their large Amish population. They estimated that there were around 600 unlicensed breeding facilities operated out of Lancaster County sheds and barns and wrote, Not only do the Amish operate these puppy mills, they ensure the public does not hear rumblings inside by stressing the importance of maintaining secrecy. Is that true? Do you sell from puppy mills? That is not true. It's the furthest thing from the truth.  Stopping them has proven difficult, says Bill Smith of Mainline Animal Rescue. Smith, who told Livewire Lancaster, "...people are deceived. They walk away with a dog and don't realize that there are 500 dogs in a barn and are suffering horribly."  In 2005, 60 Minutes took a close look at a widespread problem in Amish communities. Okay, let me stop it right there for a moment. So now puppy mills are maybe not the biggest problem or even the biggest problem with the Amish. But it is a very serious thing for anyone who's an animal lover. It's heartbreaking. It is just a clear example of putting... cheap profits over the welfare of animals and engaging in just rank, almost satanic mill like abuse of animals. So that estimate in there, that was 20%. So that's been disputed on the basis that we don't know what's going on in these Amish communities due to the nature of Amish communities. They are totally closed off in the world and they basically hate us.  So let's just say it's 20%. Okay. So, oh, 20%. That's not that much. Okay. So there's 330 million people in the United States. There are 400,000 Amish. So yeah, it's, you know, that, that 1350 thing, that's really shocking that 13% of the population commits 50% of the prime. This is like,  This is like 1% of the population commits 70% of the crime. This is so much... greater than like the disproportionate rate at which african americans commit crime it's not even funny it's it's on exponentially unfathomable if this tiny community is engaging in 20 of this multi-million dollar industry that is remarkable in itself so  Let's not pretend that they're just churning butter. They are engaging in all sorts of criming. And after I play the next section of this, I think we should also talk about child abuse, which is also very  very difficult to quantify. I found one study that attempted to quantify it through email, basically sending links to former Amish and so on. Their findings were shocking. But Yeah, to say that this community isn't extremely problematic in so many ways is just delusional. But let's get to this, because there's also this notion that the Amish are so healthy because they're not vaccinated. And they're not eating red dye 40 in their Twizzlers. So they're just, they are so healthy. And it's so great that they have these amazing birth rates.  genetic disease. In some instances, they were suffering from diseases so rare they didn't even have names. In other instances, the Amish community contained almost a third of all global cases. They traced it back to something called the Founder Effect. The majority of Amish traced their lineage back to the same group of German-Swiss immigrants who settled in the U.S. in the 1700s.  and there are only a few hundred members of that group. Today, prolonged intermarriages are causing such a widespread problem that some communities have opted to build clinics just to care for their special needs children. In 2020, Health Europa reported the results of a shocking study done by the University of Exeter. They found 150 genetic disorders in Amish communities, and estimated as much as 80% of all Amish have a genetic disorder. Even more surprising were the 25 disorders that were discovered there. They're known nowhere else in the world.  Diseases are serious, too. Things like the maple syrup urine disease, which causes the body to turn protein into a poison that causes brain damage, and Kohen syndrome, which causes a range of symptoms, including weak muscle tone that keeps some sufferers from being able to support the weight of their own body. In 2018, people reported on something that seemed incredibly weird. Sabrina Bunkholder from the reality show Breaking Amish had... Here, I'll stop it there, because I'm going to save the child abuse. so this is a closed off community you can join the amish from the outside i mean you could conceivably just move to pennsylvania or indiana and be like hey what's up can i join your cult uh and they would you would probably be doing the amish quite a bit of good by just bringing in like different genes into this community so they've been here  300 years, so 100 generations or thereabout. They are not engaging in outbreeding to any significant degree. So it's like literally the same or not literally, but in a way, the same people who migrated here 300 years ago are still with us and they're just interbreeding and in many cases engaging in incest. And so the founder effect basically says that the founders of a community, they're going to have this profound influence on the genes of their descendants. And if you're not migrating or outbreeding, it's like a funneling mechanism for these effects. So these people are profoundly unhealthy.  And again, much as I was saying with autism, it's a sort of Goldilocks-like thing. You know, the highest fertility rate might actually be with your third cousin. So you're really similar. You're not having any problems of the two DNA groups just meshing. I definitely get that. And I am not arguing on behalf of total miscegenation, like you should find the person least like you. So you'll have this wild combination that's never been seen before. So you should go find an African or a pygmy or a Bushman or something.  That's not what I'm saying. What I am saying is that there is a Goldilocks quality to this of not too much, just enough. If you're too radically separated, there are going to be some problems. If you're too close, you're marrying your sister, there are also going to be consequences to that. It's sort of in between. It's someone who is like you, but a little bit different. That's good. There's no pure race, first off. It doesn't exist. Secondly, we don't want to create a pure race in that sense. Race, it's a...  It's a waxing and waning, a kind of give and take. Goldilocks, not too much, just enough. And that's what a race is. It's a broad population. So...  The Amish are not a model for preserving the white race. We would be preserving the white race in some grotesque, diseased form. I mean, it's horrible. Miscegenation would, in fact, be better than that. Are the Amish even white anymore? It's a very good question. I mean, they are so antagonistic in their very being towards the English or whites that I would basically say no. Yeah. They need to pull a midsummer and start bringing in some outside sperm. Exactly. Start paying some nice young men from the community to come have sex with their wives. Right. And then kill them. Yes. Yes.  You're like, you're like, wow, I get to partake in the Amish orgy. They're like, yeah, what comes afterward? They're like looking at you. You're burned in a bear. You're burned in a barn raising. That's what it is. It's a barn lowering. They just like get the bar. Yeah.  Did we get his sperm? Yes, we have his sperm. Good. He did. Yeah. Just horrible. The other thing, this was another video. So let me go to this. This is actually a paper I found. Oh, I thought it was going to be the actual one. Let me just read the abstract.  So this is child sexual abuse in Amish, Mennonite, Anabaptists, and other religious groups. Biler at Alia. Background. Anabaptists are often stereotyped as quaint, conscientious objectors, peaceful and gentle, and are upheld as models for forgiveness. Yet little is known about potential violence and abuse within their communities. Investigative reports.  such as blah, blah, blah, suggests that sexual and physical violence may be common. We sought participants for a study on the experiences of child sexual abuse because existing research on CSA has largely excluded Anabaptists or promoted the voices of their powerful over the marginalized voices of survivors. We intentionally sought current and non-practicing Anabaptist participants.  So their method was to send out an online survey to 384. Of the 384 participants, 310 were born or joined in Anabaptist Chai Square. Chai Square analyses showed that approximately half of participants experienced CSA, child sexual abuse. Almost all participants were impacted by CSA, and CSA was related to changes in religious affiliation. Importantly, though, the qualitative analysis revealed Anabaptist background participants described CSA in ways that differed notably from participants not raised Anabaptists. OK, that seems like fair minded language that describes that is basically indicating that they don't even quite know what is going on or they're trying to cover for their parents or siblings who abuse them. So arguably this, I mean, now these are, many of these were former CSA, or excuse me, former Anabaptist, you know, Amish Mennonite stuff. People, so you could say that maybe they're more inclined to bash their old community. Some of them, I don't know how they got them on a computer. Maybe they took them to a library to respond to an email. Some are current and they're probably less likely to bash their community.  But I don't know what to make of it. Maybe it's a wash. But is 50% a fair estimate for child sexual abuse in these communities? There is a story. I actually have the video. We don't even need to play it because it's a discussion with a couple of people.  But so there is a young woman of 12 who was sexually abused by her four brothers constantly. And, uh, Much as with Christian scientists, you know, it's all fun and games about resisting modern medicine until you're actually sick and then you go running to a hospital. So this 12 year old was brought to a hospital and the physician discovered you're pregnant at age 12. She gave birth to the child at age 13, and he very gently asked her, you know, I don't know how he did it, but, you know, he basically got it. Whom have you had sex with? And she revealed it was actually her four brothers. Those four brothers that so the child has been taken care of by the government, both children, in this case, the rape survivor and her child, the four brothers were not disciplined. So there are now granted, they were under the age of 18. But  You just have this situation of they're getting away with murder constantly. And the government, on the one hand, wants to create these facilities to take care of their special needs children and various genetic disorders, but then won't throw these sons of bitches into prison for rape.  Because, oh gosh, we don't want to disturb the poetic quaintness of the Amish community. How dare we stop rape? I mean, it's just unbelievable. And there is obviously all of these incentives. And again, I would go back to the Goldilocks thing. We don't want all women...  Walking around like skanks, that's obviously terrible. At the same time, you need a little bit of excitement in your life. If everyone is covered and you're not allowed to talk to people or flirt with people, that's a recipe for everything.  Basically repression that is keeping all of this sex in the home. It's a recipe for encouraging brothers to rape their sisters or fathers to rape their daughters and other people's daughters, etc.  There just needs to be a balance. And I'm being generous here, because I'm kind of saying, well, it's not entirely their fault. I'm being very generous towards them. But basically, this type of community is a recipe for child sexual abuse. So we shouldn't be surprised. And the other thing, I hate to say it, but maybe these are... like bred to rape in the sense that you have a bunch of weirdos who want to have what is in effect a sex cult, but want to dress it up in some quaint attire. Very much like David Koresh in the Branch Davidians, which was just basically his personal sex cult. But he wants to, he doesn't want to call it that. So he says like, oh, I'm the Messiah, actually. And, you know, we're super Christian, whatever.  But it's just an excuse to do a sex cult. Maybe this founder effect is at play here, where you have a bunch of weirdo freaks who want to rape children, and they create a society that facilitates that. And then they give birth to more weirdo freaks who are like them. I think that should at least be taken into consideration.  It's just literally a race of pedophiles. It happens whenever you have these parallel insular communities. It always ends up being essentially a sex cult. This is what FLDS does. It's what the Amish do. It's what the Hasidim do. It's what these parallel Islamic fundamentalists living in the UK do. Yeah.  they all just end up raping kids.  Yes, for all of various reasons that we've just laid out. It's a complex phenomenon, but it seems to end up in the same place. And conservatives want to attack Muslims in England as like, it's a sex gang base. And it is, I think, to be fair about it. But they want to attack Islam. And then they're like, oh, but the Amish, look, none of them are autistic. Yeah.  They're so wholesome. God. It should just be a glaring red flag whenever people want to go live off like separate from broader society in this way. Someone's going to be up to no good. This is just what happens. It's unavoidable. And, I mean, the feds, they originally came down on the Mormons a long time ago, and that's why they had to establish an ethnostate in Utah. And it was because the Mormons were a menace. They were...  they were stealing young girls and using them as polygamous brides from other communities. So that's why they were chased away because it, yes, Joseph Smith was just starting a sex cult. So it's just kind of, and they were right. They were right to come down on the Mormons for this. They were right to chase them away. This was not a good thing.  And now the Mormons have had to integrate more into society and they've I understand they're living in Utah, but they're obviously much more integrated than the honors are. Obviously, there's groups that have been left to continue doing this. It's FLDS, but the state doesn't approve of them at the very least. They're a much smaller group. The broader Mormon community is a lot more normal.  and unfortunately never came down on the Amish in a similar manner, and we should have.  We absolutely should have. The feds should not have allowed to resist in this manner. Yeah, I totally agree. And also, this is a heartbreaking thing to even think about. But if you're in an ensconced, isolated community like that, and your entire life is child sexual abuse, do you even know what it is? No. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah.  Like, you just, it's just part of it. And there is this, some of these videos, I don't think we really need to watch them. I was researching all of this last night, but there is a former Amish man who's actually collecting all of these testimonials. He's kind of doing an oral history project in some way, and he's focusing on abuse, which he probably suffered. He didn't mention that, but  I imagine that that might have inspired him. But he talked to a number of people. There's one young man who had left the Amish world and he had become a cop. So he had almost totally embraced, you know, worldliness. And he was suggesting he was being conservative about it. He said, I don't want to spread rumors, but it's probably one in five. And these other aspects of it where  Like there's a dark side to forgiveness, which I guess goes back to Erica Kirk in a way. So in these communities, there was a man who was a researcher who was relaying this. In these communities, if you do something wrong, they have the shunning practice where they won't talk to you. They'll look the other way. You don't eat with the group for a month. And then they'll all meet and they'll determine whether they're going to forgive you or not. And so, I mean, hypothetically, if you brutally murdered someone, maybe they wouldn't forgive you and they'd shun you for life. But what what are they going to do? They're going to forgive you. This is a forgiving their pacifist. And so after you've been forgiven, you you can never bring up the wrong ever again. So if you sexually abuse a child, they might have some moral fiber and maybe like, you know, don't do that. But once they've forgiven you, you can never bring it up. And in fact, if you bring it up, you're the one who's punished. You're the one bringing rancor and division to our society. So basically, if a young girl reports her abuse to the police, she's going to be punished severely by the community and not the man who did it. Yes. So it's just like...  It's horrible. It's not serious. Yes. Like the progressive movement or just the rational government should just recognize the toxic, malign quality of these cults and stamp them out. Liberate the Amish from themselves.  Come in and arrest the men. Re-educate the women and children. Yes. Yes. I 100% support that. And I don't care if they make good butter. Or you want to buy a blanket or something from them. I mean, it just... We... yeah um mad max you wanted to jump in yeah can you hear me richard yes yeah so uh i actually grew up in rural indiana and there's a large amish community my neighbors actually were amish and um uh their youngest daughter had leukemia and my mom had cancer so they kind of had a they kind of developed a bond so  We were pretty friendly and, you know, we would drive them to the hospital and stuff. But everything you're saying is totally correct. You know, me growing up there, it didn't seem... Like, we always knew, obviously, that they're different, but it was just kind of part of the community in a way. And I've since moved. I live in a city now, so obviously looking back, it's like, wow, this is just crazy. But as far as the sexual abuse, like, obviously, I can't speak too much on it. But anecdotally and secondhand, I've heard rumors that, like, when the wife dies in an Amish family, the firstborn daughter takes her place. Like, to the husband...  Yes, yeah. Yeah, not just in the household, in the bedroom, basically. Yeah, yes. And... What? In our community, there's hundreds and hundreds of Amish, but they only have three last names. So obviously, it's a lot of inbreeding, and I've heard stories that they will bus other Amish families in from Michigan to kind of correct the problem. And I've always... whenever i hear conservatives speak about oh they're so healthy it's like you people are out of your mind like some of these kids went to our school they're they're so common like our my high school had a hitching post for amish buggies and carriages but they would some of them go to our school and they'd be wheelchair bound like totally like just broken like can't do anything can't function um born deaf and mute like lot of problems so they don't look healthy they they look retarded like they look like they have they obviously look visibly as if they have genetic disorders which they do like they don't look right anyone should take one look at them and be like something is wrong here we should not we should not be doing this And, you know, their whole religion is based on avoiding technology, kind of freezing time in one place. But they love technology. Many of them have cell phones and Facebook. They love watching TV. They hire people to drive them places. So they even use the technology. And they're construction workers. They're using technology, but they don't use it in their personal life. It just makes no sense. It's not even, like, logically sound. Wait, so do they have, like, an equivalent of, like, a Shabbos Goy?  They have English people that drive them around. Yeah, a lot of people, like a lot of older people or just like low school people, they'll make a job out of just driving Amish families to Walmart where I'm from. So in a way, yes.  They're like a Gentile Thesedum. They are. They're like Jews but dumb. Yes. All of the bad aspects and none of the good aspects. Right. God. But yeah, that's all I had. Thank you.  Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, truly hateful people. It also, it's just like gets to this conservative fantasy, which is understandable on some level. Not a day goes by that I don't wish that I could sort of like...  You know, be a kid again. And, you know, you were innocent and no responsibilities. The weight of the world wasn't on your shoulder. You know, everyone, it's a natural fantasy. I completely get it. But to enact it becomes grotesque.  Basically, you're just going to end up in a situation like this. And I do feel like, I mean, it's not like the conservatives are becoming Amish, but the arrows are pointing in this direction of just like, stop thinking, just obey religious authority, don't get vaccinated, don't trust science. Like, it's just...  This seems to be where they are headed. And I think that's extremely worrisome. Well, it's kind of like a new dark age, like with all this flooding of the zone of all the algorithms and political moral confusion. I feel like they... Well, even like the FBI guy who was overseeing the shooter, you know, the bald guy, I forgot his name, but he said, go outside, touch grass, you know, hug your loved ones, log off for a while. And it's like, there is this genuine push because people are just over, you know, overloaded with too much of this. And X is... almost programming that, flooding the zone, and it's kind of... The way that 4chan was with creating memes is like the fount, and then it gets to Twitter, and then it gets to Facebook. It's like X is kind of just like overtaking that spot, and now it's slowly flooding into the rest of the algorithms for the normies, and then people are just... Just zone out, tune out of the news, because it's just too much, so it's interesting. Yeah.  but I, I don't know. Let's see if I had some other stuff on the Amish. Um,  I think I hit all the major issues. There's also like this, like, Arania and, you know, moving out to Idaho or whatever. It's like, even, I think Gavin McInnes is planning on moving to South Carolina or Ben Shapiro moving his operation to Texas or Austin or whatever. They are definitely pushing people. They're pushing the herd that way, for sure. Well, don't go to college is the other one.  Yeah, blue collar jobs. Again, is sound advice in many cases. But what I think we're all getting at here is like the essence of the advice. It's not purely pragmatic. It's ideological. Like they don't want colleges to exist. And I'm sorry, but Rachel Maddow is right when she says these anti-vaxxers are just anti-science. Like they like science to the extent that they can find like one paper that justifies among 10,000 that justifies their pet little project. And they're like, oh, of course the science, read the literature, do your own research, whatever. But overall, they they don't want scientific advancement. And it's ironic that this is all happening on smartphones.  Profoundly ironic, but maybe that's sort of how it happens. Maybe it isn't that surprising. The Iranian revolution, which installed a theocracy, required technology, televisuals, mass communications to be implemented. Yeah, even with like Peter Thiel and like this U of A, like Harvey Mansfield University, which is just totally bizarre. It's like you have to go to these alternative online schools or, I don't know, get groomed to become some millionaire VC tech startup. It's just it's all very strange.  It's grooming, corralling conservative thinkers and pushing people out into Texas or Florida. It's strange. Yeah. Is there anything else we should cover?  I don't know. The big thing that was in the news was Tylenol autism. Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad we talked about it. I'm glad I actually came up here and plugged in the computer so I could bash the Amish. It's important. I just... I am... gobsmacked that people just can't see them for what they are it is mind-boggling how much they just worship these people yeah uh someone said that something's happened with trump and nato trump green lights nato to shoot down russian drones interesting um  Let me just do that. Let me just save this. There's been a lot happening on that front. Obviously, there's the inclusion of Russian drones into Poland and elsewhere. And that's very interesting. Why don't we just save that for Thursday? Yeah.  Yeah, someone said, will you be on YouTube now? Yeah, I addressed that actually at the opening. We're not leaving Substack, but I definitely, and we believe it or not, have a YouTube channel that's very quiet. But yeah, I'm going to be putting up a lot more stuff on YouTube. Don't have an excuse not to.  All right, guys, let's just call it quits here. Sorry about the technical difficulties, but it happens every once in a while. And I will talk to you guys soon. All right. Thanks for being here, Arvish. Bye. Bye.