JF, welcome back. What a time to be alive. I'm happy to be here. Is it the beginning of something or the end of something? I think it's the beginning of a new era. Very important question. What's that new era like? Is it more bold or less bold? Will this act of terrorism have a chilling effect? It could very well.  Because Charlie Kirk was unique in his positioning in a way. He was uniquely pending us and the mainstream in an increasingly obvious way.  I think that that is very true. Let me just set the background for everyone. I presume that everyone watching this is aware that Charlie Kirk, a noted political activist and podcaster and an influencer, was brutally murdered at a political event at Utah Valley University, which is a small university south of Salt Lake City in Utah. This happened early on in the event. He was actually discussing...  with a liberal adversary, trans shooters. And the question and answer went roughly like this. He asked, do you know how many trans school shooters there have been? And Charlie Kirk answered, too many. And I think the questioner was to try to make a point that trans shooters are dramatically underrepresented in this kind of violence.  And before Charlie could make a full response, he was shot in the neck. Just as an aside here, what I saw in my timeline beginning around noon was resembled a a horror show basically when you opened up social media i mean a snuff video in a way i mean i i had i don't know if something comparable something that brutal of blood gushing out of someone's neck and it being unavoidable you you opened up any social media and that was getting retweeted all over the place  That in itself, just the spectacle of it, the social media spectacle is worth discussing. So just again to make sure that we're all on the same page here discussing it, he was quickly taken off stage. My guess from looking at the video is that he died instantaneously.  with a separate spinal cord or out of blood loss.  deeply shocking. The suspect seems to have perched himself around 400 feet or so away from the stage. A Mauser long gun rifle has been found not actually on the perch, and this is significant, but in a wooded area...  a little bit of ways away. This case has been bungled by the FBI, at least in terms of messaging.  We were informed by Kash Patel, the FBI director, that the suspect has been caught. And he didn't use language like a person of interest is being detained and questioned or anything like that. It was a touchdown signal, basically, spiking the football. That was very bad, especially when he had to.  retract that a little bit later. There was one suspect, I guess we could call him, who announced himself as the shooter and demanded to be shot himself. This was an old boomer type. I don't even know what to make of it. But that was what people were talking about early on was maybe even a boomer millennial dynamic going on. Who knows? Yeah.  That person is obviously insane, but did not kill Charlie Kirk, clearly. The suspect has not been apprehended. Photos have been released of him. He seems to be a young male, I would say, in his 20s.  The FBI at a press conference said that they wanted to use facial identification. They wanted to open up Palantir on him and do this internally. And that seemed to be unsuccessful, which is also an interesting data point. You would expect young people to have their face everywhere, all over Instagram and Facebook and Facebook.  websites of their high school and college, etc. But no, that didn't work. And thus, the FBI started using the old school method this morning, which was to put out information to the public. And surely somewhere, somehow someone knows who this is. There has also been reporting that there were etchings on the casings of the ammunition that was taken from, again, this wooded area that was near his perch. And these included anti-fascist and pro-trans rights, et cetera, messaging. Now, I was... I was actually busy with soccer practice, of all things, just recently, but I did see on social media that that is actually in question.  and that they might have jumped the gun on that too. I was listening to something this afternoon from Megyn Kelly, because I try to get a real mainstream account of this before I start diving into things. And she was saying, to no one's surprise, this was a trans, you know, the trans murder escapade continues. And look, I think, just to be totally fair... Being, you know, thinking about what this was, I think the idea of a left-wing trans Vouch enjoyer, that's a highly plausible, probable person. But again, you're engaging in a little wish fulfillment there, aren't you? By just stating the conclusion, oh, we knew it all along and look at this, the trans are at it again. So I would say that this whole thing is ongoing and that we can engage in some speculation about what might be happening. Was this a professional job? Is this an amateur? I'm conflicted on that myself.  But we need to be careful. You don't want to engage in wishful thinking where your political enemy is an utter evil demon. And we knew that from the start. So that being said, I think I've laid out the case entirely.  As we know it right now. And so we can begin discussing this. I would say this as well, JF, I felt when this happened, I obviously knew we were going to talk about it.  9-11 seems a distant memory. This is September 11th and that seems almost... We can't even spend the day talking about 9-11. We won't even bother. Yes. You were actually... You came to mind immediately, not just because you've been on the show many times, of course, but... I think we old heads, the elderly retirement home enjoyers that we are, we've sort of seen Charlie Kirk from a distance for a long time. And I think we have an assessment of him that is nuanced, critical, very different than the mainstream assessment. And I think it's really worth going into all of those things. So let me just stop with the background and the setup, and I'll just get some of your initial impressions about what we had. I think the warning that you've been giving is very good because there's so much conspiracy out there and I'm spending my whole day right now just debunking and receiving falsehoods. That's all I'm doing. And it used to be that I received falsehoods from Anon on the internet and I received the truth from Fox News. But at this point, I'm retweeting Kash Patel and I find myself having to review my own retweet of him because we don't even get an official voice that's stable in this and it made me think we may be getting the indian justice that we deserve i mean if you if you call a customer service and you get annoyed that oh my god it's an indian and he's not going to be able to help me maybe cash battle  is the endian sense of justice that we deserve. You're going to get some fast talking and buzzwords and obsequious behavior, but you're not going to get to the truth. Did you kill Charlie Kirk? Of the matter with your printer, not to mention the issue of...  A political assassination in broad daylight. Yes, I feel the exact same way. I think still as of today, we have to keep a broad hypothetical stance because I cannot obliterate the idea that perhaps it's a griper.  Perhaps it's a griper who misunderstood Nick Frontes. Certainly, it would be through a misunderstanding. But there are schizophrenics out there, and they take their own ideas of what you say, and they can go there. Now, still, the Antifa trans possibility is there. The actor from a government is there. The professional is there, although there is some non-professional behavior here.  Going out of the roof with your rifle to give it up only in the woods. Of course, the rifle will be found. So if it will be found, leave it at the site of the shooting. Or take it with you. Remove as much evidence as possible would be a professional. Walking on a public street limping. We now have video of the suspect limping.  Because he's clearly carrying a firearm. This guy limped his way to a podium to shoot Charlie Kirk. And he limped his way over a distance where he was filmed by home residential cameras. That doesn't sound very professional to me. And yet, we have someone who has still up to now... escaped justice which is unbelievable to me for a non-professional college age uh clearly a if in a minute type boy uh whether it's from the the frontest fanboying or from the trans-antifa side we'll know that later i guess uh and it's important that this is all happening in a situation where Charlie Kirk was slowly, slowly playing his cards in ways that you and I have seen. And it shook me when I learned about the age of Charlie Kirk. I realized this is a man from the next generation. I thought Charlie Kirk was a colleague of mine. I realized he was a younger man.  who had traced a path of success that he was slowly drifting away from. It's hard to believe that he got killed and that this does not relate ultimately to his slow, slow, slow radicalization of the last few weeks and months.  Charlie Kirk, I've been covering him on my show for three months. He's been opening a focus study where he invites young people of TPUSA and he asks them, should we change our stance on Israel? Should we be neutral? Should we not care? Do you want to hear less about it or more about it? And just that is... And as he was getting into commentary and he was trying to meme, he was getting closer to positions like ours. And he was talking about race and he was saying Irina's murder must be remembered as a race murder, that she was murdered for being white.  This was a very unique voice in the mainstream. And this makes me think, and we learned from today, they were listening to Kanye West constantly on the trail of conferences and public speeches they were giving when he built TPUSA from nothing.  Did he have this vision that he would slowly drift? When he saw Candace Owen get to an Israeli critical talking side, clearly what Candace reports is he didn't want to follow her directly.  But she felt that at some point it would slowly come around to her to her angle. So when Candace Owen decided to go into Israeli critical, she started her own YouTube, went her own way, left the Daily Wire. Everyone will remember this episode. And was no doubt forced out of the Daily Wire as well. She stepped over the boundary and that was it. Yes.  Absolutely. She talked privately to Charlie Kirk as she reports it today. She said, I'm going that way. It's my heart. My heart tells me I have to go in that direction. And Charlie Kirk, we don't know what he responded, but somehow she had the feeling that he wasn't ready yet to do it himself, but that at some point he would come around.  And at some point, he would start talking about it. And he started. This is what we've seen on Megyn Kelly. Recent shows in the last month, Charlie Kirk was opening up the conversation on whiteness, Israel, all of the things that Nick Fuentes has been begging for for years and that we've been bringing in our own ways. So did he trigger a crazy loner or did he trigger a response from people high up who said we're losing we're losing this guy from our plantation and he's better dead than not effective?  This is worth discussing. And I actually think it might even be worth playing a video that I collected that includes that discussion between Megyn Kelly and Charlie Kirk, because there are some nuances to it and it should be discussed.  I have seen this as well of Ian Carroll, you know, like, hey, guys. So the internet figured it out. Right. Yeah. Now you might think you understand, but you don't. Let me tell you. Right. Would you like me to take your wife on a ski lesson? We can ski some black diamonds, if you know what I mean.  I'm sorry, he gives off psychotic ski instructor vibes. That's just sort of my inside joke about Ian Carroll. But let me just state something very clearly. The idea that the internet has figured this out, I mean, I don't even want to go into that. We do not know...  the answer to these things. If you want to engage in cui bono reasoning or speculation, I do that all the time. You simply have to be aware of what you're doing. And you cannot speak in platitudes and with 100% certainty. You can speculate, but you have to leave open the possibility that you're wrong, that you have a false assumption, that you're getting closer to the truth, but you're not there yet. And he obviously does not do that.  Let me play the video first. And then, because I have a lot to say on this matter of Kirk kind of channeling or absorbing the far right and Kirk and the Gruyper War and so on. I have a view on that. But let me first just play this video and I will share it right here. um all right let's see how this works all right all right hope everyone can see that and let's um let's listen there's nothing to debate i'm on israel's side just stop  I totally agree. Observing that you're losing the propaganda war and that this has gone on for about two years now. And look, I mean, I pulled the stats, support for Israel's military action in Gaza by Party ID. GOP in June of 2024, 76%. Now 71, so they lost 5%. Dems in October of 2023, 36%. Now it's at 8%.  Independence, October 2023, it was 47%. Now it's 25%. You go under 35, you have almost zero support across the United States, your closest ally. I see what's happening and it's my job to comment honestly on it. But I am sick of being lectured on like, you have to see it exactly as we see it and support everything or you're against us. so so this is so important megan and again i don't want not every you cannot say everyone in the pro zero and i don't say it acts that way but i right i got texts about you megan sam why is megan like doing the bidding of hamas i was like what are you talking about megan's the best like what she's amazing and i said why are you texting me about megan and i at that point and so this is what they don't understand you and i megan and Tucker is in the same category and they've tried to go after Tucker, is that, and the more you attack our moral character, Actually, the more we're going to double down in the direction because screw you, I don't do it that way, okay? Tell me I'm wrong. Cool. Tell me if I got my facts wrong. By the way, on the Epstein thing, Naftali Bennett says he wasn't an Epstein agent. We have to be pursuers of truth. They've denied it. Fine. Let's keep digging. Okay, fine. But the thing that I think is being lost is on some part of the population,  you can scold them into silence, right? But if I have any deviation of a purity test, any deviation whatsoever, such as hosting a focus group, right, Megan? with a bunch of our students that went viral, having Dave Smith or Tucker at my event, it is all of a sudden, oh, Charlie is a, he's no longer with us and all that. I said, wait a second, what do you mean? What does with us mean exactly, right? I'm an American, okay? Like I represent this country and I don't even understand that paradigm, but Megan, I think you would agree with this. I wanna make sure we fast, like really zero in on this. personality types like you, myself, and Tucker, the more that you guys privately and publicly call our character into question, which is not isolated, right? Megan, it would be one thing if it was one text or two texts. It is dozens of texts.  then we start to say, hold the boat here. And to be fair, some of my really good Jewish friends are like, that's not all of us, it's all, but these are leaders too though, right? These are stakeholders, right? And so look, I'm afraid because again, I want civilization to win. I want the West to win. I don't want the Islamofascist barbarians to storm the gates of Jerusalem.  I want the holy sites protected. I believe in the Holy Land. I love that Jesus walked on water there and rose from the dead and preached in the Mount of Beatitudes. I feel the connection to Israel, but at the same time, simultaneously, When the hostile reaction is that now Megan and Charlie are enemies, boy, I'll tell you, you're not going to, I wouldn't say lose, but you will weaken and just basically deflate two of your strongest advocates if that continues.  Okay. I think Charlie's age is actually very important here. He's 31. And he grew up in the age of Obama.  And he was listening to Rush Limbaugh alone. I actually learned in a profile from the New York Times during lunch hour in high school or something. Everyone else was out playing football or smoking a doobie or fingering a cheerleader underneath the bleachers. And Charlie was doing something different. He was nerding out to Rush Limbaugh. um he came as he came up as a sort of tea party advocate and um he very similar to nick fuentes whom he's just a few years older than uh he was a ted cruz supporter right at the beginning a young republican type and then he founded along with a man named montgomery this tp usa thing which was sort of a  an attempt to make conservatism cool again in the age of Obama. There are already existing institutions like the Leadership Institute and Young Americans for Freedom. These go back to William F. Buckley and Russell Kirk, not Charlie. We got to just refresh the brand here. And that's what he was up to. But he is, in essence...  An utterly conventional conservative. He's Gentile. He's a Christian, committed Christian in his words. Pro-life, pro-free markets. The fact that he's dropping terms like Islamofascism means that when he was in eighth grade or something, he heard that from Andrew Sullivan or something. I mean, he is not red-pilled in...  to use this language, which I don't even like, but he is not red-pilled at all. He is totally conventional, if young. And you can see the secret to his success in fundraising. I think he was immensely talented as a communicator. I don't like anything he said. I never profited from anything he said, but he is immensely talented. But the secret sauce in fundraising... was going to rich boomers and silent gen people, telling them exactly what they already believe and want to hear, but presenting himself as like one of these youngins, a whippersnapper or something like this. And they just ate it up. They could not, I mean, if you want to manipulate an old person, just be a conservative who's 23 years old and they are going to fall head over heels in love with you, basically. He... Received millions of dollars for this organization that didn't even have a really defined mission outside of vaguely promoting conservative values. It got linked up to Trump and became huge. Now, this is where Charlie Kirk is actually interesting. Actually ingenious, even. And actually quite different from those stodgy, buckly, bowtie-wearing organizations that I mentioned before. So 2018, 2019, we had this thing called the Groyper War. And it was post-Charlottesville, kind of post-alt-right even. And Trump was getting ready to run again in 2020.  pre-COVID, and the Groypers with Nick Fuentes would go to these Q&A sessions at TPUSA events. And they would ask questions like holding up rosary beads and say,  Tell me how gay sex helps the American family. I ask you, you know, this type of provocative question. And Charlie Kirk wasn't fooled by it. In fact, the initial response was, you are all a bunch of losers. You're in the distinct minority. No one cares about you. Get away from us. we're moving forward with our mainstream conventional pro-gay, pro-woman, pro-secular values conservatism. At some point, Charlie Kirk  recognize something, which is that you have to absorb these energies. And in the age of the internet and social media, if you keep pushing those energies away, you're going to have a situation, like in 2016, where the alt-right was supporting Trump, being  radical as hell, crazy as hell, stupid as hell in many cases, and yet winning. Because you do an end run around national review. National review is now totally irrelevant. In 2016, they weren't. And they were able to say, we're against Trump for these reasons. He's unprincipled.  That stuff is not going to fly. So you need to absorb the energies. Now, it wasn't just the gripers and sort of far-right trads. There were people who would go to TPUSA conferences in the COVID era who would... more or less say, we might need to kill Dr. Fauci, or should I shoot my pharmacist if he tries to vax me? And he never really countersignaled. Maybe he countersignaled a little bit, but he never denounced them. He never kicked them out. It's much better to absorb those energies than it is to fight them, because you can't fight them.  on some level in the age of social media. Another way of thinking about this is this phrase that Lenin actually never said, but he might as well have said it, which is the best opposition is the one that you control. The best opposition is yourself. And so there's something fascinating about Charlie Kirk in the sense that he would say outrageous things. You see all these liberals now saying it. He thought we should stone gays. He thought MLK was immoral. He thought...  certain black women don't have the processing power to be in positions of prominence. I mean, he would make red-pilled comments that you would really expect from Nick Fuentes. Yet at the same time, no one in the mainstream would conceivably denounce him, A, because he's powerful and a good organizer,  And B, because they sort of always knew that he was on side. You know, listen to those statements and tell me if that person, he might be sort of fed up with some Israelis who are being a bit hostile, a bit pushy, shall we say, but...  Do you really think that someone says that I'm on team Israel? Maybe Megan said that. Or I love the land where Jesus walked on water. Do you really think that that is someone who's going to ultimately go against Israel?  He was brilliant, ingenious as a communicator, as everyone's friend. So many people are on Twitter saying he's a friend of mine. I don't know how many friends this guy had. My guess is that he met a lot of people at Shindigs and shook their hand.  told them, go get him, partner. And they think that he's their friend. So he is really good at communicating and personal interactions. But he's even more brilliant when it comes to absorbing the opposition. Basically, you can be zany, radical, conspiracy theorist, et cetera. If you're voting for Trump, if you're on the plantation so to speak if you're on the team he's not going to denounce you it is a big tent underneath trumpism charlie was a brilliant operator in this regard so i would push back and i think you were suggesting this a little bit uh but i would i and other people are suggesting it much more strongly but i would push back On the notion that he was like secretly turning on the Jews or secretly based or they had to get rid of him before it's too late. He was going to go up there and denounce Zionism. I don't think so. I think he had a difficult...  Tightrope to walk, to be fair, but it's a tightrope that he's walked before. So Charlie Kirk was utterly mainstream, utterly cucked. At the same time, he said things that are fairly described as racist.  even fairly described as anti-Semitic. You hear this from some people, like these secular Jews in Hollywood. It's worrisome. He was able to integrate countervailing oppositional forces into himself and channel them towards Trump. And so if Israel did kill him, I think they killed...  the most brilliant operator I could imagine on Israel's behalf. And they never should have done it if they know what's best for them. Those are my thoughts.  Well, yeah, I want to come back on your pushback here. But first, I'm not saying Israel killed Charlie Kirk. We don't know. I'm saying it's a possibility. As far as the internal state of Charlie Kirk, like in that interview, I find it amazing, this interview. There's so much depth to it that we can barely scratch with words because there is a whole section of this interview  that is about Jews, but the word Jew is never said. Only at the end of the interview is Charlie Kirk saying, I have friends that are Jews and that are good. So many of my friends are Jewish. It's amazing because what he is talking about in coded language with Megan Katie for two, three minutes before he says Jewish is Jewish extortion. The 12 messages that he's getting in text, this is Jewish extortion. The suggestion that they are 12 and that they are somehow pushing him in the same direction is the suggestion of either some conspiratorial extortion by groups of Jews or a hive mind type of extortion where Jews know so much about their interests that they converge toward attacking his character when they feel that he's stepping out of line. And what he's telling to Jewish power in that interview, if you could add the word, if you could make it more descriptive, he is putting a line in the sand to Jewish power. And he's saying, you will not pass. And he's saying, you will not pass on attacks of my character. You will not lead my Christian mind to be bound and kneeled to another God.  And this is very powerful, what he's saying. And these line in the sun comments, we never see this in public. But for people who have made the choice like you and I to kind of drift away from the mainstream and  who have committed to not kneel to anything. We know very well that that line in the sun exists, and we've all had it in our personal lives. When we make these choices of going public, we know what are the consequences. But Charlie Kirk here...  was dealing with a higher power than himself in a way. Because Charlie Kirk is definitely big and definitely from a utilitarian perspective. I agree with your analysis. He was the best tool that Israel could dream of. But that doesn't mean that Israel doesn't have the greed not to recognize that reality. And it doesn't mean that a youth or a group or a cell of extremists cannot have decided that he was not a good tool for their direction where they want to take the movement forward, whether they care about the conservative movement from the inside or from the outside. So what Charlie Kirk did in that Megyn Kelly interview, and I don't think it's random that it's on Megyn Kelly,  I think that he was off his leech. I think that it was that Megyn Kelly is probably a friend of his. And he was outside of the TPUSA boundary. So he was there as an individual. And he took that chance to what I consider to be a bravado against Jewish power. if you had the words correctly you can only understand it in that way he did a bravado live in line in the sun statement because he was deeply inside of him a good-hearted christian straight morality guy who would not who would not kneel to anything you can hear it when he says we don't do things like this i don't do things like this and  People like Tucker and you and I, Megan, we don't do things like this. What does that mean? It means I will not compromise on principle based on hidden pressures from social groups, Jewish groups especially. That is a, it is stunning to me. I cannot find it a random occurrence that this line in the sand was drawn one month before a bullet came to his neck. okay um do you think many people are asking how to replace charlie kirk and i i i think it's actually a very difficult project To do that, because first off, this outpouring of support by all these young people means that he really pressed the flesh with them. They felt like he was their friend. And that's difficult to replace. You can't just bring in someone deus ex machina and say, oh, here's the new leader. But if they do do that, according to your theory of the case, they are going to bring in someone who won't even air these grievances. Someone who, Laura Loomer type, I doubt it will be Laura Loomer specifically, but someone who's dedicated to Trump. And if anyone brings up any graper-ish type material, they'll just hard stop, nip it in the bud.  say no to it. Do you think that that is going to happen? I believe a nightmarish development from here, which is that you do not replace Charlie Kirk. You do not. You cannot. Because who in the mainstream conservative movement is going to go on Megyn Kelly and say, hey, I'm tired of these Jews sending texts to me. You're not going to get this back. So  What happens really is the killing of an illusion. In a way, Charlie Kerr could not exist. He could not exist at the intersection of every set of interests in the current political fight. He has tried to resolve the non-existing point on a curve. And now that he's out, there is no one who will go there.  So I believe the nightmarish outcome is a chilling of liberty. The mainstream conservatives are going to be even more mainstream. They will double down. They will honor the legacy of Charlie Kirk, but they will act as if this legacy was not what it is. They will not show the interview with Megyn Kelly. That's not how they will choose to remember Charlie Kirk.  They will choose to remember it as a full-throtted advocate of Israel. That's why you have seen so much of Jewish commentary jump on this story at a speed that I could only see them do that in a case of Israeli war or Gaza-based situation. You have seen commentators across the board jumping on the story, Jewish commentators trying to kind of appropriate the legacy of Charlie Kirk.  But let's not forget that this is a man who was starting to be annoyed at all of you. He was starting to be annoyed at all of you one month before he got shot. Right. Vibinet Yahu himself. He's like, you know, he was a great friend of mine. You know, all of this kind of stuff. There is this interesting battle for legacy. I see two hands up there. I will get to these briefly. I want to ask JF a couple more questions and say some things.  There is an interesting battle for legacy here. And I think there's a subtle, unspoken battle for his legacy. Because on the one hand, there's the sort of obvious case for his legacy, which is that he loved Trump. He loved Israel. He loved...  American wars. He was pro-life. He was a conventional conservative Republican, basically. And that's a easy case to make because that's who he was, in my assessment, at his essence.  But there's also this sort of far-right battle for his legacy. And I actually take umbrage at this. First off, I think it's dishonest. It's intellectually baseless.  And it almost reminds me of stolen valor or something like someone walking around with a U.S. Navy ball cap on just to make you kind of assume that they fought in World War Two or something. I just I actually dislike it. So I saw this among Euro identitarians. I saw this among outright white nationalists who are in the streets and calling for deportation of all non-whites i saw this among all these people of like keep charlie's legacy alive he was one of us they killed him because he was a white man like jared taylor said like oh he's he was a light of truth or say i i just i i find look if that is true then you are a conventional dork conservative and so i don't understand what the point is of even like doing this like you're not invited to their cocktail parties yet you're like pretending that they're your hero so why are you existing are you just an unsuccessful version of charlie kirk but the other  more kind of cynical interpretation you could have is that they're trying to steal his legacy. And I mean that seriously because Charlie Kirk was after promoting conservatism, promoting the Republican party and promoting Donald Trump by any means necessary. He was not after the white race triumphant.  And I'm sorry he just wasn't. And even if he said some things like that, you hear that from a lot of people. And I don't take it too seriously. But I guess what I'm saying is there is a battle going on, an unspoken battle, where white nationalist types are basically saying they killed him because he was white with a blonde wife and kids and  They hate all of us. And now we march further. Like he's the horse vessel of the conservatives. I don't know what to say. He's like, you know, his death will inspire us to like complete the ethno state or something.  I am perhaps too autistic to do this because I've never been a conservative. I've always railed against them. I don't like people like Charlie Kirk. Charlie Kirk drove me crazy, actually. I absolutely have tremendous sympathy for him in death. To die like that, I can't imagine. But...  Not someone I looked to for intellectual stimulation or inspiration. You have all these white nationalist types being like fascism now, like the left, they're fascist. The only way to protect ourselves is to install fascism, kill them all, arrest the left. Like they are going so far. They are energized by his death, but they, And this happens all the time with martyrs, but aren't they just sort of misunderstanding him completely? And so these are just some thoughts. What do you think of this battle for Charlie Kirk's legacy and what it all means, etc. ?  Well, I believe you're right in the ultimate. You're right at the ultimate point of it. But these people are also sharing things that are true. You know, it's true that leftist terrorism is based on the hatred of whites. It's true that what triggers them is a white family with a blonde hair wife and healthy kids.  So it's all true. It's all a little bit true. And this is a reflection of the game that Charlie was playing. Charlie was trying to divide the whole graph to him. He was trying to divide by zero. And as such, he has attracted potentially all views can see themselves in Charlie Kirk and claim the legacy of Charlie Kirk. Now to bridge on the legacy. Similar to Trump, actually.  Yes. Yes. And white nationalist and hyper Zionist loved Donald Trump. Conventional country club Republicans, pro-lifers love Donald Trump. West Virginia, good old boys in Wall Street love Donald Trump. Remarkable.  Absolutely. And to bridge one of his legacy points is this whole engagement, fair engagement with the left. And that brings us to the old guys like you and I. We have gone through this. We have done it virtually before Charlie Kirk has done it physically. And in fact, you have done it physically before Charlie Kirk took over.  You were out there, and this is why I was excited about talking to you. You were on college campuses. You did this run. And correct me if I'm wrong, but at some point it became impossible. There was just too much security, too much violence, and you couldn't ensure the security of your own audience.  Absolutely. Yeah, Milo did it before I did. I would actually point that out. Maybe even in 2015, but certainly in 2016, there was a Milo tour, the Dangerous Faggot tour, and so on. And that certainly gave me the idea to do that. Now, to give myself a little credit, There are videos out there of me with tiny audiences, just these little like rogue Republican groups in 2010. And Vanderbilt in 2010, I think I spoke for a pretty large audience, actually. So I was doing it, I guess, long before they were on some level. And we even had Antifa presence, nonviolent Antifa presence, but Antifa presence. So it's been going on. Yes, Antifa.  It got to a point where it was... We were deplatformed. It was almost impossible to raise funds for these things. The alt-right itself was going through a kind of internecine... divisive civil war, the first two college tours like Auburn and I'm forgetting the other one, Texas A&M, that was actually a great one in 2016. Those were very different in the sense that I was able to speak freely. We had a lot of Q&A, it was hot back and forth, but there was no real violence.  And to be honest, by Michigan State, a problem arose with violence coming from our own side. It became an opportunity for the alt-right to get into a street fight with Antifa and  outside on the steps of my performance. You know me. I'm not just saying this to blow myself up. I do have a scholarly attitude. I want to go and have some great interaction with some liberal or a professor or some  silly girl or whatever. I want to have those interactions. That is, I eat that up. And that is genuinely what I wanted. Coming from our own side, there was the crazy anti-fascist who are irredeemable. Coming from our own side, there were people where it's like, yeah, race war now, let's go fight. It became impossible because I couldn't escape that dynamic.  Maybe I could escape it now if we did it again. Now, I also would say this. I do believe that the powers that be, or at least the money behind Charlie Kirk, recognize the phenomenon, recognize the fact that people were talking about Milo at Berkeley or whatever, or Spencer at A&M, and they said, we got to do this.  And they, you know, look at those events. The alt-right, we didn't have 1% of the funding needed to host an event with thousands of people with, you know, audiovisual systems everywhere, security checks. We could not do that. I would also just add in passing that it's a blessing in disguise that I'm no longer the center of attention. Um, i can remember antifa you know back in the day in the 2010s and they were nasty but in a sort of fun way see i'm being very fair here they're nasty nasty people bad hombres but kind of fun if i'm being honest because you could always get a rise out of them and they'd always like yell at you that like stalin knew what to do with the nazis or like  It was kind of like this machine kills fascism. It was like an AK-47. I kind of liked it because I'm a little bit edgy as well. But it was nonviolent. In 2017, January 20th, when I was punched in the head, I was naive.  I walked out into that thing with zero security, zero. And I thought that it was going to be fun. Like, you know, they're going to yell at me. Maybe they'll throw like a water balloon at me. I don't even know what the hell I expected.  but I didn't expect to be concussed. That's for sure. And I could have been killed. I don't, not trying to feel sorry for myself. You can absolutely kill someone, uh, by hitting them over the head, uh,  while they're just standing there talking to a camera. But I was totally naive, and I recognized the level of violence. Now, violent clashes increased at Berkeley, at Charlottesville, even at Florida, where it became unworkable. Now, we are in a point where clashing with Antifa in 2017 seems like a summer holiday in comparison to where we are now. Antifa has mysteriously disappeared.  They're nowhere to be seen, but what we have is something worse. It's the dark assassin. Is he working for a government? Is he a loner? Is he a right winger? We don't know. But what we do know is he's gonna shoot you in broad daylight on stage before an audience of thousands and a social media audience of millions. That is terrifying.  Me getting punched in 2017, I survived. It's nothing. This, where we are now, is absolutely terrifying, and there's no other word to use to describe it. And the point of my stream yesterday was to say, in a way, this bullet was meant for people more extreme than Charlie Kirk. We can see it from his right. He was hated as a Nazi by the person who probably killed him. And I think that the right with its history of letting this situation develop, this leftist terrorism, the fact that on campus we cannot have a scholarly discussion about race facts or whatever it is that the left thinks is too edgy for them. And they have let the violence develop in a way that has pushed us out in a way that I can't be a professor now because I believe ABC. And that was the beginning of losing the ground. And so they people like Charlie Kirk, let's not forget it. And I don't mean by that in any way that he deserves to die. But let's not forget they have elevated themselves onto the tombs of canceled people to their right. And they have maintained these people in tombs because when Charlie Kirk gets asked, why don't you speak to Nick Frentes? The answer is, well, I don't speak to people who are of bad faith. There's no proof that Nick Frentes is of bad faith. And in the same way that you don't let Jews question your good faith, you shouldn't be addressing Nick Frentes that way. And yet they did. And they elevated themselves at the height of such a movement.  on these tombs that at some point we are uninteresting targets for the left, as you mentioned. You know, you may not even have a problem with Antifa walking on the street. I don't. And but Charlie Kirk does. Why? Because Charlie Kirk elevated himself to a monopolized setting where he was the man to get for them. And let's not forget that there is an advantage in a society that is built to have frontline men take the bullet for others. And what I say to people on the right is if you just had someone like David Duke and having speak  freely at a left-wing anti-fostile university. If you can ensure his safety, you won't have to worry anymore that someone's going to shoot Charlie Kirk. Use the men who are willing to go at the edge of ideas, and the measure by which you will respect their liberty and the measure by which you will honor the First Amendment with these men is the one by which you will feel much safer for the Charlie Kirks of this world, who should not be the target of bullets.  I think you articulated it brilliantly, which is that he was the front man. He was the man putting himself in harm's way. But he was also standing on the tombs of canceled people. I can remember back in 2018, there was a conference about social media freedom.  And the conference was attended by influencers who had not been canceled. And so there was this way in which the rise of Ben Shapiro on Facebook and social media was directly connected, not totally caused or anything like that. And I don't deny Shapiro has his talents, but it was directly connected to the cancellation  demonetization of the alt-right. So it's kind of like you can go up there and talk about how this COVID theorist was canceled. You never said anything when... Richard Spencer, who does not call for violence, was totally canceled and demonetized with the exception of Twitter, remarkably, in 2017. And many others just went away. So much of alt-right history is just gone with the wind. It just evaporated from the internet in a very unserious way. There should be a history. You should be able to hold people even to account for what they said. But But yeah, so they, Charlie Kirk was walking over the corpses of people who were canceled, kind of taking on their energies, you know, like absorbing them, you know, you know, like a dark Sith Lord, like stealing someone's essence or something.  And standing before. And so the ultimate irony is that he's the one who takes the bullet quite literally in this case, because he is David Duke now, actually. And because if David Duke doesn't exist, Charlie Kirk is David Duke.  Yeah, exactly. And also, just to be fair to the liberals who are pissing on his grave, Charlie Kirk said that MLK was immoral and the 64 Act wasn't good. Now, he'll always couch it in some way of like...  Black and white Christians could have come together in love if it weren't for him. Whatever. But he did actually say these things. He went hard on Ukraine. Fuck Zelensky. We're not sending you any money. He did some race science-ish stuff. But basically, and I guess from my perspective, because I'm a bit, I'm a lot like you, but maybe I'm a little bit different in the sense that I have the narcissistic ambition of an actor or something where I want to be on stage. So I feel like they're destroying our ideas. I think you probably feel that way to a large extent.  as well. I don't believe that they're moving the Overton window towards us. I think they're destroying us. They're doing it very poorly. Yeah, exactly. But again, the irony is if you're going to take on those dark energies, you are going to be the one punished for them. And so if this shooter turns out to be a  left-wing transgendered Vouch super chatter, which I think is highly plausible. That person who killed Charlie Kirk saw him as baby Hitler.  That's baby Hitler right there. We need to strangle that baby in the crib. We need to be willing to be ruthless in order to perpetuate democracy. That's what he thought. Now, all these other people, far right will say, oh, Charlie Kirk was a cuck or whatever. You could say that's true. And mainstream right people are like, Charlie Kirk, he was just so nice. He was so moderate. Well, that's missing the essence of Charlie Kirk.  And that he was boring. He was a dork on some level. But like a Sith Lord, he took on, he grabbed their souls. He absorbed their essence into him. And he was Nick Fuentes, Richard Spencer, David Duke, all wrapped into one.  And that's why he was shot in the neck. And I don't want that to happen. I didn't like Charlie Kirk. I felt...  horrible when he died. I liked him for the first time in my life, actually, because I felt so much sympathy for him. I don't want him to die, but he is asking for it on some level due to the reasons that I just laid out.  Absolutely. He wanted to catch all of the ideologies. There is some point at which these ideologies are irreconcilable. You cannot be a Trump supporter and be truly anti-Zionist. and so he was trying to stand at the middle here of a very conflicted and ultimately it boils down to this are you going to support israel whatever they do whatever they say and it seems that the expectation of the jewish friends of charlie kirk was that yes you you have to say yes every time uh charlie kirk was starting to explore with youth  And he was starting to measure the surveys on the youth are very clear. There is no future for the Republican Party in a fully Israeli cocked positioning. No future. It won't exist anymore. It's either the Democrat Party or we have a reformed Republican Party.  And that was waiting on Charlie's mind. And he knew that there was an irreconcibility there. And he was starting to dig it to find, is there an angle we can find that satisfies everyone? And sometimes there is not. Yes. Someone in the chat said he was the nickelback of conservatism. Yeah, Charlie Kirk was like...  the nickel back of Nazism is that's the, that's what he was. He was like the Jonas brothers of Italian fascism. He was this sort of like dork, but it was kind of a lovable kind of good looking dork tall at least. Yeah.  but who sort of represented the dark energy. It's fascinating. We have a number of questions, and I expect these are going to be good ones from what I can see here. So let me go to AA first. I know you had your hand up originally, and then I'll go to Ateus next. But AA, you can speak first. Yeah. Hi, Richard. Can you hear me? Yes. Wow. All right.  So I was just by happenstance reading this book, Raising Them Right by Kyle Spencer. I assume no relation. And it's a book about Charlie Kirk, TPUSA, and Candace Owens. And the author is a journalist. And I think he really did, or she did rather, a fascinating job sort of detailing the backstory. Keep in mind, Charlie Kirk, and I took some notes from the book, but Charlie Kirk turned 18 in 2012. So right at the sort of second term and the first term of Obama. And he received seed funding for TPUSA from Foster Freiss, who was a, you know, he's one of these rich sort of millionaire rather than billionaire co-brothers donated to Rick Santorum and others. And he, Spencer talks about how Kirk's rise politically was basically due to this notion of him seeing the media and education, because he was a college dropout, as having a left-wing bias. And that's not totally untrue. But there was the sense of culture war, the sense of, you know, we need liberals, we need to take our country back. And she goes into also the history with Candace Owens as a way to sort of, instead of just a white man talking to mostly white men, there's going to be a black woman talking to mostly white men and then bringing in a sort of multiracial coalition, which of course Trump did as well. Sort of fascinating. Trump is a sort of reverse FDR because FDR did a sort of,  Very successful coalition of South and Yankees in the North and whatnot. And Trump did a similar thing, but of sort of, you know, dumb conservatives, smart country club conservatives, bringing in more brown and black people. And what I found fascinating about the book was the fact that this really Charlie Kirk's outreach to the youth, which is the sort of subtitle of the book, The Untold Story of America's Ultra Conservative Youth Movement and its Plot for Power. what uh spencer's sort of thesis of the book is that this was one of the first times this actually happened where where there was a successful political youth movement in the digital age this really had never happened before um and charlie kirk was very successful as you say obviously of um contrasting or absorbing energies from groypers and whatnot but he was also very successful at And the right has been very successful this for a while of taking of creating movements and groups that are heavily backed by billionaires and by corporate interests and making them appear grassroots.  and bottom up. He was very, very successful at this. This was a youth rebellion. This was grassroots. Young people are tired of the liberals. They're tired of the gay stuff. They're tired of the woke stuff. The black people with Candace Owens, they're tired of the plantation, Blexit, all this kind of stuff. My pronouns are kiss my ass, basically. Yes. And that's three of them. that's three words because you know we need three of them but um i agree but anyway no but it's an interesting book i'd recommend it but i think it it really does um sort of cement this idea that charlie kirk was and i i i don't like charlie kirk as you don't either in terms of i don't like his politics i don't like he's a rhetorician  Um, he's a polemicist. I just, I, he's an ideologue. I think he's not a good faith person. I think he has an agenda much more than trying to, you know, discover things organically, but he, it really is one of a kind. And unless I don't know, I think TPO USA and what he started might very well collapse, um,  because it needs some sort of figurehead. Charlie Kirk was a very, very charismatic person. You have to give him that. He was a very good speaker. He was very good at engaging with people. Again, I didn't like his politics, but I don't know if you can, I mean, it's kind of like, can MAGA exist without Trump?  It's hard to imagine it. Can you have a Republican youth movement without Charlie Kirk? Obviously, there's Nick Fuentes, but Nick Fuentes is not acceptable to them at this point. They'll absorb his energies, but he's not anywhere on that kind of mainstream radar. So it's a good question. I think... I think their youth leader has died, and I don't think there's going to be another one for a very long time. I don't know what you think, but I mean, I know you've talked about this a little bit, but... well i i would just i would just say this and i i'm seeing in the chat that there's a lot of talk of of nick you know wildly successful live stream um that's great um i'm glad you're here with us though uh we're doing something a little bit different anyway um i i wish nick the best i have a good uh relationship with nick um um i don't think that nick can absorb tp usa i i think tp usa can absorb a lot of the energy of of nick or it could when charlie kirk was alive nick unlike charlie kirk nick nick's audience is organic  He built that audience. He speaks to them. He's grown to dislike them. Some of these videos of him answering super chats are pretty funny, to be honest. Very much unlike my experience with you guys. I mean that seriously.  But his audience is organic. And one reason why I respect Nick as well is because, look, I'll say it. He sort of sounds like me or sounds like JF a lot here and there. Not always, obviously. He offers analysis that is... insightful and original you can learn something from him and he's a great you know comedian you know etc this is the thing though and he's he's more talented than charlie kirk in performance this is the thing charlie kirk was largely synthetic to some degree he's not that good looking to be honest uh he's a good at being a polemicist or rhetorician as you say but he's  It's not that great. He was synthetic in the sense that he had billionaire and millionaire funding that was promoting him as a young voice saying the same old thing. Correct. And Nick, I do not believe will have access to these people.  So Nick, I don't, and I mean this as a compliment. I don't think he can become Charlie Kirk because to think of Charlie Kirk as merely an influencer is to misunderstand him entirely. And I don't see particularly now Nick being able to make that transition. Nick is too much of his own man. Nick certainly bows to no one. You've got to bow. Yeah.  Yes. He's not a party person. He's not a party apparatchik. Charlie Kirk was. He was pointing towards Trump. He was like, Donald Trump and maybe Ron DeSantis, they are the leaders we need right now. Where does Nick point?  He points to himself. So for better and for worse. So I don't think that will happen. At the same time, yeah, I think, and I'll get JF in on here. I don't know how TPUSA survives by this because it's like who all these people felt like Charlie was their friend. Like you can't just prop up a 25-year-old  And be like, you know, here it is. Here's the substitution. There's so much emotion invested in Kirk. I don't think so. But what are your thoughts on these matters that I've just discussed? Yeah, well, I think that my theory is the void. So wherever Charlie Kirk was is now a void and it will remain a void. Because whoever they would replace them with would be totally untalented, non-grassroot, totally selected from the top. And so they will probably try to replace them because they have to as an organization. But it won't work. And TPUSA in one year from now is 100 times smaller than it is right now. Because all it has is these political links that Charlie Kirk was entertaining with big speaker, Dave Rubin, you're my friend, you're my friend, Candace Owens, Jordan Peterson. And if that goes away, then what's left is you're going to have a teenager who doesn't know what he's doing at the place of Charlie Kirk and that won't work.  Now, I would push back a little bit on what Richard says. I think if you think in terms of an audience fragmentation perspective, there were people who were listening to Charlie Kirk and they were looking forward to his visit at their college. These people...  they now have just one choice, and it's Nick Fuentes or Ben Shapiro. And in a way, the audiences, whether they fragment at 50-50, whether they fragment at 80-20, they will be funneled in these directions. So I think that what we will see is a gain of Nick Fuentes' base, perhaps by maybe 20,000 viewers every week, more on average on each show.  And I believe that it's a strengthening of the movement from the perspective of Nick. It's just the energy that was out there and that now it has to go somewhere. And part of it will go to Nick. Now, this means a radicalization. It's in the context of polarization. And yes, it means that people who will not have been exposed to Nick's ID will now be.  And that's a good thing generally in terms of the outcome for the few years that come.  Yes. Yeah, I think you set it up very well. Ben Shapiro might very well be the person that they're going to put in the stead of Charlie Kirk. Ben Shapiro is very talented. Ben Shapiro won't absorb Groyper energy if, I mean, at all. So there will be a bifurcation there. That is actually fascinating. Ateas, why don't you jump in here with a question?  Yeah, more of a statement, just an observation. I think that I disagree with a lot that has been said, and I don't mean to throw a wrench in everything, but Shapiro himself, I think he's actually, I think Charlie Kirk is a victim of Ben Shapiro in this. And I believe that because... Charlie Kirk, I disagree with AA because AA said that Charlie Kirk is like a disingenuous person. I actually don't believe that. I think Charlie Kirk is a normie who thinks of himself as a very principled person. And you can see that come out in the clip that you played. And I truly believe that. In that clip, what he in essence said is that he's a volatile person, that he is someone who in a week or in a month with the right resources and the right research, he could flip on a dime and completely turn into someone else. And I think that's what he's revealed to people. And I think his people around him... Say that again. You think Charlie Kirk would flip on a dime?  Turn on a dime. Turn on a dime. Yeah, I think that he he could absolutely turn on a dime. I think that he's presented to the world that he is volatile in the sense that he believes and I or I mean, obviously, he's dead now, but he did believe that he was. someone who was capable of introspection and could legitimately convince himself that he is wrong and that he needs to change his opinion on something, which is counter to what most conservative influencers behave like. Most of them are very much grifters where they will literally, I mean, they couldn't care less about ideology or principle nature or anything like that. They will...  They'll go with whatever the donors want. They'll say it. They don't care. And I think Charlie Cook was different in that sense, and I think that they didn't realize that until this month. Now, I'm not saying Israel did this, but, I mean, it's a possibility, if we're being honest. But furthermore, my original point was to say that Ben Shapiro   It's not directly at fault, but I think people like Ben Shapiro are at fault. These are the people who have been telling someone like Charlie Kirk that, you know, you can win on ideas, you can win with conversation, and you can convince people on the left.  that, you know, they can, that they'll change your ideas. All you have to do is just set up a booth and go to a university and you talk to a hundred of them. I promise you, you'll, it just takes, it might take a hundred years, but you know, one, one per day will change their opinion. And gradually they'll all come to agree with you. And this is how it actually works. Charlie Kirk. And I think as a young naive person, he actually believed this in his death and I think that his donors, these baby boomers who have been pushing this kind of  and we know the type that I'm talking about. These are like the Ben Shapiro, like everyone should have a pocket constitution and everyone should be able to discuss their ideas. In other words, what they believe, what Ben Shapiro believes is that   Ideas don't ultimately matter. That is that you can express your opinion, and at the end of the day, it just doesn't matter. Everything will fizzle out and go back to normal, and then our society just keeps moving on. Now, to the left, because I think the left, I've always believed this, the left is more savvy. They kind of just get things that the right just doesn't get.  And they've obviously known that ideas are powerful and they obviously turn into policy. They turn into actions. They influence the direction of the world. And so they do not, they think that's why they say things like the right wing is violent. It's not that the right wing is actually physically violent. But I do believe, and I'm saying this for myself too, I believe the right wing is more violent in the sense that if you were to aggregate conversations on the left and the right, the left might be more physically violent more frequently, but the right are more verbally violent in the things that they say oftentimes, where they would say stuff like, oh, yeah, I would totally beat that guy up. Or if I encountered someone like that, I would...  I would totally knock them out. No problem. You know, just that kind of rhetoric. But the left understands that there's no difference between rhetoric and physical action in reality, because rhetoric will always, given enough time and power, will turn into physical action. So the violence is the same to them. And that's why they say that the right wing is more. In fact, I think that's why, like, you know,  the FBI and all of them. I think that's why they say that too. That's why they say the right wing is the real threat, is the real violent threat to society. And I think it's more of a rhetorical thing. But anyway, so I think that Ben Shapiro...  And all his ilk have set Charlie Kirk up in this situation. And since his death, there's not going to that paradigm has been completely shattered. If you go on Twitter spaces and you listen to people talk about this, I mean, your your neighborhood baby boomer is.  saying things like, we can't live with these people. Like Charlie Kirk just wanted to talk to them. I mean, Charlie Kirk was the nicest guy. He just had a genuine smile. And, you know, he might've said things that are radical, but he, at the end of the day, he would shake anyone's hand and he would be so polite. And so why did they kill him? Like we can't live with these people. And so that, that paradigm has been shattered. And now Ben Shapiro is just no way Ben Shapiro. I think Ben Shapiro is on his way out because of this, because  Ben Shapiro's grift is is that.  you can have conversations, facts over feelings, right? But I think that the right wing, I don't think it's a total shift. I don't think the right wing is going to behave like the left wing ever, but I think that it's shifted enough where I think enough people have now changed so that the paradigm now speaks, the reality of the world speaks to the right wing now, which is something that I think that the right wing hasn't had for probably a hundred years.  And that is the understanding of the power of ideas. And that is that, you know, it's not about conserving society and politeness and stuff like that. At the end of the day, it is about, you know, progressing an ideology forward with ideas and conversations. So the right wing now understands that how, you know, how the left behaves. And I think the average person didn't understand that. Thanks to Ben Shapiro. Thanks to, you know, Andrew Klavan, Ben Shapiro. All those characters who are constantly saying that, you know, if we're just smarter than them and we're just we bring the facts and, you know, if we have the right facts on our side, then we'll always win. It's like just it's like a law of nature. You know, the one with the most facts wins the debate and wins society and everything. But that's obviously not how things work.  And so that paradigm has been been shattered for a lot of people or enough people such that. Let me let me jump in. I think one thing the left understands much better than the right. And and this has been revealed.  quite a bit over the last day, really is the power of ideology and religion. They understand that there has to be a coherent and in some ways pre-rational or irrational worldview that underlies all these things. And in many ways, the left is more Christian than the right, despite the fact that the right loves going to church. The right is stuck in this far-off Christian past, whereas the left is worshiping George Floyd as Christ, saying his sacrifice was for us, in the words of Nancy Pelosi. Through political theology, they've transformed God. religious ideas into action i i think the left is much better at understanding this what i've heard from the right now granted obviously small sample size people screaming on twitter your uncle texting you and whatever but it's something i think the right only understands i mean in the sense that what are they saying We, Apollonians, and JF, our non-Apollonian friend, we can talk about ideas and ideology and political theology, etc. What are they talking about? They are talking about smashing the left. The amount of people from neo-reactionaries to Sam Hyde to the average Joe, it's like, this is it. No more. We tried to debate you. We were Mr. Nice Guy, and you shot us in the neck. We are going to kill you.  The left will be prosecuted, persecuted, destroyed. So many witch hunts. There are currently witch hunts against anyone who supports the killing of Charlie Kirk. They want to cancel them.  Yeah, cancel culture, the classic witch hunt type ideology from the past. All of that is there. I think you're getting something at Deus in the sense that the right can't really think. They can bring facts to the table in the sense of like, well, this just makes sense. But when they're not in that mode, they go from like zero to a hundred in zero seconds to I'm going to kill you.  Like, either I'm going to use common sense and folk wisdom, or I am throwing you in a dungeon. That is their two, like, on-off switch for the right wing. And they cannot think through these things. The left knows how to appeal to your emotions. They know how to appeal to your religious feelings, not just by waving a cross around...  not just by saying Jesus loves you. They know how to appeal to the essence of Christianity. And it's asymmetrical in that sense. But in the way that I've described, I agree with you. I think the right is far more violent in the sense that the only language the right understands is force, right?  basically, and that's what they all want to turn to. Now, whether Trump will use this as a Reichstag fire remains to be seen, but that is the only way they know how to think about these things. I'm brought to thinking about the origins of language because we're talking about speech and violence. In my theory, the first bark was to avoid a scratch, was to avoid a bite. And we speak...  We speak as a pre-violence courtship process almost. So all acts of speech in a way are, here's everything I'm going to lay out in front of you. And perhaps we can come to an agreement where I don't rip your head up. And if you see speech as this, you realize that we are a bizarre species because we speak so much while also waging war. And we have come to be a multi-layered species of threats and warnings and don't do this or... And the right is currently in that mode of persuasion is over.  I think they're in that mode emotionally. I don't think they will do much because are you really going to round up people in America under the First Amendment because they celebrate some death? You can't. I mean, celebrating death, I've not been retweeting any of that rage bait because the fact is you are free to celebrate the death of your opponent that you truly hated in your heart.  And it is protected under the First Amendment. It is not an appeal to violence, what the current leftists are doing. And yet they are being pursued by the right in a very mob mentality way right now by the end wokeness, the libs of TikTok. Let's target this guy and turn it to do your thing. They want to bring cancel culture. And I'm sorry, I can't subscribe to this. I hate cancel culture, even when it's against my enemies. Yes. Yes.  I think there's a left-right divide to some extent in the use of language as persuasion. But persuasion is sort of war by other means, if we're honest. Even if you're seducing a woman, you're sort of at war with your rivals. And the left succeeds in manipulation. Ben Shapiro, in his Pure Essence,  it's not that he's a hardcore Zionist. It's that he's presenting something that's just good for everyone. Like, listen, you are mistaken. You think that socialism would be great because it would give you stuff. But let me explain this to you. Capitalism, it's so much better. It promotes wealth for everyone and gives your life meaning through striving and work. And like, it's all this sort of, I guess you could say quasi-egalitarian philosophy  folksy, you know, let's all be good guys together type rhetoric. That's the right wing rhetoric. They don't understand a different type of rhetoric. And so they are at least in their words, going to resort to violence, right? Not necessarily in their deeds, but in their words, because there's like an absence of thinking. There's a hole in their head where theology and ideology and inspiration should be. They go to church, but they have no clue what Christianity is really about. And it's almost like going to church prevents them from learning about what it's about and becoming more trad. It's even more wrapped in mystery where they can't possibly understand it. The left is not like them. And so I don't know what's going to I mean, what do you do you think Trump is going to use this as a Reichstag fire? And once we find out who did this, that he's going to use this as a Reichstag fire to send troops into Chicago to crack down on the left, get the FBI up their ass all over the place. What are you do? Do you think Trump's going to actually go for it?  Are you asking a Thias or me? You. OK, well, I wish Trump would declare colleges as zones of insurrection, because I think if you have lost grounds, like you can't protect the First Amendment in colleges. This is what we learned from all this.  You cannot honor the First Amendment. And so your law, as the United States, as an empire, you are not able to apply it in one of your centers. It's not like it's on the other side of the planet. It's inside the U.S. You can't apply the First Amendment because a bunch of people are too chaotic, too radical, too hateful, and they'll have a bullet for you. And so what I say is, as long as we can't have David Duke standing on a podium with five people in the audience saying whatever he wants to say, I consider that colleges are lost grounds of the empire and they must be reconquered. Now, will Trump do it? That's That's almost a coin flip because Trump certainly has been doing it in a way, invoking special rules and emergency measures to go hard at immigrants. And arguably, he goes too hard sometimes and he ends up violating perhaps some due process rights. So Trump may very well be tempted to use this as a Reichstag fire. But my fear is that Trump doesn't have a fundamental understanding that these points of growth of communism, radicalism, that our colleges will never be turned into fair platforms for ideas. They will never let the fight be fair. They will always they will always kill the Charlie Kirks that try to do it. And in that sense, we have to abandon those grounds and recognize, let them be whatever they want to be. If they want to radicalize, do it. But without federal funding and without the support of the empire, if you want an Antifa course, go to Antifa University. That's fine. interesting um let me go back to aa i don't know if you want to have a rejoinder on this um aa yes um yeah so i just disagree with what the other person was saying um yeah um i think that the issue is um in charlie kirk's case he came up as a provocateur he was funded by people he was a party man to his dying day which was you know yesterday um he and this is you know the the author i was talking about spencer he uh she was saying um this quite clearly which is that charlie kirk basically brought  for the first time, because it never happened before on the right. And, you know, Obama was the sort of first social media president. And of course, that's when he became politically aware. Charlie Kirk was sort of the first person to bring the Southern strategy to disaffected white men and to the nation at large.  on a digital sort of college campus level. That had never happened. The Southern strategy was usually electoral politics. It usually had to do with getting people registered to vote. It wasn't usually college campuses. It certainly wasn't about young people necessarily.  was very often appealing to older people who were bigoted and racist. And let's be honest, lived in the sticks and didn't have any contact with, you know, urban city culture where, you know, usually when you come into contact with cities, you sort of become liberal. That's historically what always happens. The cities are more liberal. And so I just don't, I don't buy that.  Did he believe what he was saying? Yeah, I think he did believe what he was saying. I don't think he was malicious in the sense that he didn't believe anything. I don't think most people are like that. I think that kind of cognitive dissonance can't exist. But he certainly understood that he had a role to play. He had a sort of goal in mind, and that was...  sort of race baiting, especially with, I mean, Candace Owens is a perfect example of this. Maybe she was a liberal. She sued, I forget what school, I think it was a school for race discrimination or something. She started a doc sync website. I mean, these people are not, you know, she was linking arms and arm and arm with her. This was not a, you know, and I think Candace Owens is a totally malicious and disingenuous person. but uh in charlie kirk's case um i think he was just a party he was a party man and he had a mission which was southern strategy and it worked very well especially because the republican party through the sort of multi-racialization of america is slowly becoming dumber so the southern strategy has to become more and more explicit which is i think one of the reasons why nick fuentes has become more popular because now you don't you don't need to use code you know when you when your constituency is too stupid to even understand the dog whistle you have to literally say it out loud you have to literally say six million cookies didn't happen yeah you know it that and it's and it's ironic and i know you richard you've said this before it's ironic that the The multiracialization of America that white nationalists decry is the very thing that has allowed Trump to become more popular to be reelected because that's his base he won more brown people than any republican has in a very long time he won less white people he's losing educated people he's losing women etc you know there's a the divide here it's very interesting it's not it's not what you would expect everything is the opposite of what you would expect yes everything is the opposite of what his strongest supporters say it is which is yeah you you can just i won't go into it i was about to bash someone um jf let me change the subject just a little bit here so i i said earlier that My getting punched in broad daylight is like a summer holiday in comparison to what happened to Charlie Kirk. And what might be happening...  in broader society in an escalation that might very well go on for years. Do you think that we've fully crossed the Rubicon? We are now in years of lead. That was Italy in the 70s, far left, far right reprisals, post-fascist and Kremlin-funded communists knocking each other off left and right.  Um, do you think that we're there now? basically that every month or so we're going to see someone get shot and get shot in an escalation, but also get shot in a kind of mimetic fashion. You know, I talked to this about, about this when there was the last school shooting in, in Minnesota of it is a meme, right? You know, Columbine launched a meme in 1997 that is picked up by absolutely malignant narcissists everywhere that this is how I can be recognized. This is how I can send a message. And have we got into a point where...  Someone's going to be knocked off on the left in retaliation next month. It doesn't even matter who did, like Israel did this, Russia did it. It doesn't matter because the meme is out there and the meme is going to metastasize no matter what exactly happened in Utah yesterday. What are your thoughts on this or am I overreacting?  I think what you're describing is the inner mindset of a subset of the right. I think a subset of the right has moved on exactly where you described. Now, the question of whether that will result in Mexico style, you know, shoot the other side, shoot the other side, and build up stacks of assassination left and right, that remains to be seen because I think  I don't know if the right has what it takes to be in a sniper war, basically. I don't know if the right goes theirs. We certainly know that with Luigi and basically the adoration of shooters that is happening on the left, people don't realize there is so much pro-violence content being pushed in the black community, in the trans community. They regularly talk about  how are we going to deal with these people? We're going to have to kill them. And it is these white people that must be killed, according to this kind of deranged content. This is all over the Internet, and this is not changing. I don't know that the right as the tools to organize  terroristic violence in a way that it won't get caught by FBI and other things. Ultimately, the right-wingers, they suffer from their own morality, which probably keeps them still, as of today, into engaging in full-on war without moral considerations. But it only takes one.  It only takes one. So the question is, are there enough crazies? I mean... Don't you think there was something uniquely left-wing about the killing of Charlie Kirk that...  It's shooting a symbol of something that is bigger than itself. So Charlie Kirk, as we said, Charlie Kirk is David Duke and me and Nick Fuentes and Donald Trump and all wrapped up into one thing. Regardless of what he might have actually believed and regardless of what he said, that's how he was perceived. He took on all those dark energies. And so it was a symbol, it was as symbolic as killing people  Tsar Nicholas or Franz Ferdinand. It was as symbolic as killing royalty in the sense that it was about sending a message. It is terrorism. Definitely. to send a message to politicians or the broader public it's not murder murder could be between jilted lovers it could be between uh drunken uh uh ruffians that's murder um or maybe manslaughter in the last case terrorism is an art it's it's a way of communicating to the public  And there is something, you know, some could say there's something Islamic about that. I don't certainly buy that. But I think there is something sort of left wing about this in the sense that there's this big, bad boogeyman out there and we're just going to kill him and then we can all be free kind of thing. Yeah.  I don't know. I mean, is the left willing to go? I don't even know who they would go after. Is the left willing to shoot Anna Kasparian? They probably wouldn't even do her. Is the right going to just shoot Anna Kasparian?  Like one of these millennial liberal influencers. That's the problem. They won't. And it's not just because of their morality. I don't think they even understand symbolism in this way. Mm-hmm. Absolutely, they won't, which is why it's a unilateral war, because the leftist brain is kind of an iterated moral brain. It's like, oh, yeah, you just say a sentence, but I see the consequences down the line. Down the line, you believing in Christianity is the genocide of the trans people.  And if you iterate enough, like they're kind of right in a ultimate consequential way. And you have to have iterated that much to come to the conclusion. Therefore, I need to kill baby Hitler. And I don't think we have an equivalent of a baby Hitler character.  A baby communist. A baby Marxist. A baby Stalin? Yeah, I don't think. Yeah. Whom would they kill? Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting.  It's interesting. So maybe it's going to be one-sided. And also, I would say this, because I want to be fair. I've seen a lot of overheated rhetoric, but I haven't seen them say, let's go knock off Emma Viglund when she's doing the majority report. I hesitate to even say these things because I genuinely don't want any of these people to be harmed or Hassan. Do not commit crimes.  Yeah, he's particularly toxic. And even with someone like that, I don't want them shot. But they're not calling for that. They want the government under Trump, which they trust...  to crack down hard. That is what they want. That's what I've heard 10 out of 10 times. I actually have not seen an example of we need to go shoot a liberal or something. So that's how they think. And so maybe this, I think a lot of commentators, and I was just going down that path myself, thinking that we're going to have just escalation one after another. Maybe we're not, because there's an asymmetry here.  Absolutely. That is what I believe. Yeah. All right. James, you've been waiting for a little while now and you just left us.  I'm here. Oh, you're here. Yeah, go ahead. I was going to piggyback a little bit. I was agreeing with Ateus' point that the left sort of understands that first you need a memetic understanding that everybody sort of ascribes to before you can have a kinetic change. And so in this way...  Luigi was like very, very much probably radicalized by Kyle Kalinsky and Hassan Piker. And these people on the right, their idea of a radical is Charlie Kirk or Ben Shapiro, who is saying like, let's just talk it out with these people. Right. And he is guilty of the same naivete that, like, I hopped in that Twitter space you were in yesterday right after this happened, and there's, like, all these kind of resistance libs sort of saying, like, I just blame division. Like, you know, it's this sort of, like, appeal to, like, why can't we all just come together again or something? And it's, like, the liberals who understand, like, how to get their worldview changed into like to become reality or to become kinetic understand that that is that is not the game we're playing that is not how we get we like for them they achieve their means you know it kind of goes back to that like old like the old uh saying or like phrase about like If you're playing a game of chess against somebody and you sit down at the table and they punch you in the face, no amount of learning new chess moves is going to help you win the game. And the right is not capable or willing to have that sort of memetic...  They don't have the mimetic force to then make it kinetic. It is just like JF was saying earlier, like we're going to just bludgeon them with our facts and we're going to convince them that we were right all along. Or we're going to treat them like criminals. I think those are the two things. We're going to go in and be like, hey, guys, here are the facts. Like we're right. And this is good for everyone. That's that's the Ben Shapiro or Charlie Kirk way of doing it.  The other way, there's two options. The other way is they are all criminals. We will arrest them and put them on trial and put them in jail. But even then, it's not them doing it.  generating something that's physical, the mimetic becoming kinetic. And the conservatives, I don't think, fully grasp this, that Luigi Mangione was one-shotted by Kyle Kalinske or something. And I'm not trying to cast dispersions here, but he was a very influenceable person. too open-minded too sort of goofy on some level and he got one-shotted by the the factual reality of the healthcare system being screwed up and he went violent as a way of doing that i mean i i think there's there's two levels to this and JF was saying something which I've heard with Gons as well of the origins of language were to not engage in violence. The first bark was not a bite. We are talking precisely because we are not using physical force.  And I think there's a lot to that, but I would maybe see this from a different perspective. So there is a quote, which I believe was from a German author, which is that the religious people... They think that they can make a bad person do good things, that there's some criminal who's in prison and you give them the Holy Bible, the Quran, and he's good. They can turn a bad guy good. But the reality is that how do you make a good person bad? You know, how do you make an average German round up his neighbors and send them to a concentration camp? How do you make a miller in the town who just keeps to himself accuse someone of witchcraft, knowing that she will be sent to her death due to that?  And isn't history really driven by the memes that can make kinetic violence a reality? So, you know, I was on a space the other day and there was some just totally boring, like liberal Muslim who was like, oh, we would never kill anyone in islam and it's just like listen all right do you have any idea of what your religion is and secondly i almost admire islam for being violent and badass that's maybe like the one thing that's sort of cool about it is that they will raise the black flag on occasion but i guess and and those are teenage like opinions but what i'm getting at is that religion which is the ultimate meme  is able to force a good person to do a bad thing. It's able to say, the power of God commands you. Jesus wants you to burn this witch. All of those kinds of things are actually what drives history.  And so on one level, I agree with your conception of language. I think that that's entirely fair. But there's also this like flip side of that, which is that language is violence.  And the ultimate meme is a compulsion. It's a way of controlling people beyond the physical. At some point, you can't control masses, millions of people by physically ordering them to do something.  And so religion develops as a way of saying, God wants you to do something. God wants you to invade that country. God wants you to kill the heretics. God wants you to do this and that, things that you would otherwise not do. And that's really the power of the mimetic, is to transform itself into the kinetic. That is, the word becomes violence itself. Well, Richard, it's been 10 years together, you and I. It is the first time I hear you spout something that seems to be tinted by some degree of Sam Harris. The idea that religion is the thing that makes you go kinetic, that the ideology is pushing you toward violence. This is what he's been trying to push so as to develop a kind of anti-Muslim bigotry. But I think it's reverting things on their heads. I don't think that the meme pushes you toward violence. I think you are pre-designed to violence. The meme may be a tool that you absorb and it makes you go there, but you had the predispositions for it. And the meme was really just the signal of coordination between the humans around you and yourself. I'm not saying that mammals aren't violent. know i i of course you know i've had to wrestle many bears out here in montana and you know i can tell you the grizzlies are difficult uh creatures to subdue uh but i guess what i'm saying is violence on a collective level or violence on a symbolic level violence in this unusual way way not just violence for hunting or to survive or self-defense but either grand symbolic violence or collective violence how do you get a wartime population to accept bombing raids you know in the territory how do you get a mother to grab her son take him off the farm where he's doing important labor and send him to war is that not that that can only operate on the level of the meme on the level of ideology um otherwise we're we're sort of too individually selected where you know we might kill someone because we want his stuff or we might kill a rival in love or or or in self-defense because he's trying to get our stuff  But to engage in meaningful violence, you need that ideology behind you to channel you. Collective violence.  I don't disagree. Okay. Wouldn't you say there's something different between the liberal who probably does not believe in Jesus and is not a Christian who then interprets these things, this political theology that I believe in, like...  To make it exist in the real world, it falls to me. Whereas to the right winger, it still falls to an authority. They still have this concept that there is a greater authority than myself that needs to do this on my behalf. And I don't think those things are decoupled. That the right winger still calls for the government to go do it, whereas Luigi Mangione loads a gun.  That's not a mistake, and that's not a coincidence. It is always this, for the right-winger and for the Christian, it is always this appeal to somebody should intercede on my behalf. And the left-wing radical understands nobody is interceding on my behalf, so I need to be the kinetic change I want to see. yeah and the the right wing is just not capable of of going there of thinking in that way or you know they're either not because they have delegated they have delegated and they trust the state and it all boils down ultimately to how you know our speech converts to violence well all political speech is about the state and ultimately the state is violent and From the perspective of Luigi Mangione, your words as a conservative or as a CEO of a health care company are ultimately down the line hurting him through the violence of the state, through the funding, through the corruption. So ultimately words convert into actions in a state-based world.  All right. We are reaching two hours here. And is there anything else we need to discuss on this matter? I think we haven't talked about the future, what's happening down the line. I would say on internally at TPUSA, it's going to be interesting to see because I know how these organizations work.  And they have contingencies for their big guy when they lose him. And typically, a big guy like Charlie Kirk must have waged quite a lot of leverage on the direction of TPUSA. Quite a lot of power because of his public presence and because ultimately, just like James O'Keefe, Project Veritas without him was nothing. And in a way, TPUSA is in the same spot. But what you see is these institutions reverting back to what the donors want, to what the institution was trying to do in the first place, but at times has been obstructed by their leader to do. And so if Charlie Kirk was waging much power inside TPUSA, we will see a withdrawal of that power. And TPUSA will maybe take a very Ben Shapiro, Daily Wire direction and nothing else. I think that that is right.  Yeah. Yeah. I think we also sort of mentioned Nick. I do think that they're in this very, very weird way. The Gripers would protest TPUSA, but then they were also attending and liking it. It was sort of a funny thing.  But it's the respect of debate, you know? When you try to convince someone, you respect them intrinsically. And it doesn't matter how hostile it gets. Ultimately, to respect the other instead of canceling them, instead of ignoring their existence, like so many do with dissident thinkers. When you say, I'm going to go see you and engage you on the facts and logic,  You are saying I have a brain here that I respect enough that it's worth convincing. Right. As opposed to doing your own thing or just totally ignoring these people, which is basically what you and I do, there was something revealed about the fact that the AFPAC would always piggyback on TPUSA because they understood that they had a common audience as well, which is interesting.  And it's, yeah, I do think that there's going to be a lot of break off from TPUSA. It's not going to be the same. And I think a lot of people will go to AFPAC. But I also feel like Nick himself has crossed a Rubicon. He's sort of too big. If Nick went to a college campus, I think he should rationally fear for his life. actually absolutely um so i don't think he's the subject of an attempt yes and i don't think he's going to do that and i absolutely don't think that the donors who are very willing to back kirk will um back nick he's too independent so it's going to be a weird situation it's going to be interesting  Okay. We'll go down the line here. Brendan, I will challenge you to ask a question and not do a monologue. Just saying. Okay. Do you have a question? It's kind of difficult to ask questions. You're going to... Yeah. Let me... Okay. Let's see if I can turn one of these things into a question. Okay. So... Do you think Charlie Kirk, or do you think the left is finally starting to get that the only way to deal with people who call them satanic and evil and demonized groups of American citizens, do you think they're finally just figuring out 10 years later that the only way is just to not give a fuck? to just give it right back at them but i feel like that's what happened yesterday and the the left no longer cares about like what what exactly well it's like um that the left is it's almost like they realized that like if if the last 10 years is just uh trump voters supporting psycho psychopathy for the sake of psychopathy and it's just about owning the libs and and insulting the country and destroying everything that that uh we have built up and fought for then isn't the only might as well just shoot them well you might as well just celebrate because we don't know who who or why he got shot but we might as well just like not care Yeah, look, there's a lot of nastiness out there, and there are people who are celebrating this. I've seen Sarah Stock was posting videos of graffiti saying, kill all Charlie Kirks. Yeah. I mean, you saw this with Luigi. Yeah. as well of who's next basically and posting a linkedin photo of a ceo of a healthcare insurance organization so yeah i i think there is i mean i've talked a lot about this but i i think there is a sort of nastiness on the left that comes from demoralization that that does directly come from the election of 2024 of like actually we can't solve any of these things all right and  And I guess one more question is just, isn't it? Okay, I'll mute that person. Okay. Isn't it kind of rational that if Trump voters are nearly a critical mass, if they're like last November, they're 49%, isn't it almost rational for someone who's not a Trump supporter at this point? who's in the like 51% to just be like, okay, the history of our country, the future of our country depends on having zero tolerance and, and taking the gloves off right now. And, and that's just adding to the previous question, but it's like, it's almost like, I think it's going to be different from here on out. I think, I think people who are not Trump voters are just don't really have a choice. They have to, because Kirk really did attack groups of people of citizens based on their,  their backgrounds, even a few seemed like a fake white nationalist from the dissident right. I think the left has a point. He attacked so many groups of Americans. I'm thinking, isn't this just a rational going forwards? They're just going to have to be like this. So that's, I'm done, but that's basically what I'm thinking. Yeah. I would reject, in general, the idea, because you're trying to frame it as people got demonetized and called Satan, which, okay, Charlie Kirk did, and Christians can do at times. And then, therefore, they are feeling justified and fighting bad. But what is the suspect looking like? He's not looking like one of the black women Charlie Kirk may have ridiculed. He's not looking...  Where is that coming from? I've muted everyone. I don't know. There's someone in the chat. Is it Zoom user? I think his name is Zoom user. There we go. Yeah. So perhaps what we have is over empathy by a white liberal, maybe Jewish white or white white. It doesn't seem like maybe he's a trans. And in that case, it would be a trans that was triggered by perhaps anti-trans speech. But it may be a case also of a leftist, just liberal, who out of overempathy takes the fight on their shoulder. There's a lot of memes in the leftist culture about, you know, don't stay silent in front of genocide. Act. So that kind of stuff may have convinced someone who is not a target of Charlie Kirk's speech. I think that's fair. Bikis?  Yeah. So we were talking earlier, wondering, you know, does the right have the stuff to kind of engage in the same level of, you know, we say combat, but taking things more hot like the left has. So thinking ahead, obviously, like the boomers are the ones kind of still kind of keeping things glued together to the extent that it is staying together.  and keeping norms. So, you know, they're going to age out of public life, largely, and society over the next 10 to 20 years, max. So, like, where do we think things kind of go after that? Because that seems to be kind of a dividing line, obviously. Also, there's younger people are a lot more willing, at least online, to posture as much more, you might say, radical people  Well, yeah, I mean I sort of think that the woke era, which maybe 2010 to 2024 or something like that, wasn't that on some level just millennials? It just is purely deriving from the fact that this particular generation came of age, got online, got some degree of wealth and status, and explicated an ideology of their time. And I don't know.  I agree that we're still living in the boomer world and we're not out of it. I think even the woke era burning itself out or being humiliated by the election of 2024, we've almost gone back to the boomers.  Um, so I, I don't know what to say. I do agree with you. There's something of like, are the Fuentes people who are watching him who were between the ages of 17 and maybe 37, um,  are they ever going to grow out of it? Are they ever going to just become more normie types? Because normie types are the GOP. They're the voters. They're the guys you can rely on and gals you can rely on. Are they ever going to be like that? Or are they going to be, you know, 57-year-old people yelling about the Holocaust and making jokes about Hitler? I don't know.  What does a 60-year-old grouper look like? No one knows. No one knows. Still hasn't gotten laid. Now, I think that in terms of what's to come, it's interesting for 2028 because I think the mainstream... Charlie Kirk was the best tool of the mainstream conservative to reach the youth vote. And in a way, there's a lot turning into the hands of Nick Fuentes here. Because he is in a better position than he was one week ago to impact the 2028 election, to use leverage in his campaign against J.D. Vance and against whatever direction the Republican Party takes. Because if Charlie Kirk was there to buffer He may have won a part of the youth, but there will be a scare in 2028 by mainstream Republicans that we don't have a tool to reach the youth anymore. And Nick Frontez is going to get out of them. So I think it's very interesting what's happening in terms of the power that has just been acquired by Nick Frontez. Yeah, very good point. Regular guy.  Yeah, your question about what does a 60-year-old Royver look like? Well, there are 60-year-old skinheads with back injuries from carrying around the band equipment for Bound for Glory. Wow. If there can be those people around at 60, there are definitely going to be 60-year-old skinheads. And I really don't think Nick Fuentes' fans are ever going to grow out of it for better, mostly for the better, actually, because I think for a lot of Americans, we're seeing living standards plateau. Yeah.  Like, you know, the phrase coal and gems. Well, for many people, life is worse than coal. It's straight up peat. Which is like a muddy substance that's like not even properly formed coal. And but also at the same time, I do question whether or not the right has the ability to sort of do these things like the far left. I mean, the right was more interested in making in doing these like high number mass shootings. where the left is more about individual assassinations, I think that's kind of like there's a psychological thing from that. Because in the U.S., the left really doesn't want to do class war a la the War of the Vendies in France or Pol Pot. They like to point their finger at the 1%, which allows the Prius owner and the indigent to hold hand in hand. But the right has the tradition of the mass shooting where it's to try to get up there in the world record. For example, the person who holds the most... in terms of that is is brevik in norway and before that was a korean guy who was a reserve police officer who got in a fight with just real quick here to jump in and i i said this a little bit earlier but the right if the right weren't to engage in mass violence it would be something like the christ church killer or the buffalo shooter where they're shooting average everyday people or dylan roof who shot church black church ladies  of all things. And it's almost like a brutally pragmatic numbers game in this extremely stupid way. And also in an extremely, it's not just a crime, it's a mistake way in the sense of it's very easy to feel deeply sorrowful for some poor black guy at a grocery store who gets shot while purchasing a steak or some black church lady in South Carolina who's needlessly gunned down. The left...  That's the right-wing dumb way of doing violence. The left will do symbolic violence. And that's what the Charlie Kirk thing was. It wasn't about him in particular. And nor was it exactly about, we're now going to go shoot down every white guy who looks middle class of the family. They're not going to do that. I've seen that as well. They're coming after us next. Charlie was just in the way. They're not going to do it.  Charlie Kirk was a symbol and they took down a symbol. It was like killing the arch duke. It was like killing the czar. It was like tearing down a cathedral, tearing down a statue. What was the violence? Right wing violence at Charlottesville. What was it? Let's go get in a fight with a bunch of commies. Let's go beat them up. Right. What was, what did the left wing do? Let's tear down a statue. Right.  The left is so much more powerful in what they do. It's really not a comparison. It doesn't matter if you go knock the teeth out of some black communist who drove up from Alabama to Charlottesville to get in a fight with you. That is...  beyond irrelevant. Pulling down a Robert E. Lee statue, do you know how demoralizing that is? That is like killing a god. That's what a conquistador would do to the Mayans or native peoples. They would kill their gods. That's what they're doing. They act on a symbolic level that the right can't even contemplate. Yeah. But also... And getting back to that, I mean, there is talk that there were three people that participated in this thing. Like usually when people on the far right do that sort of thing, they usually act alone. And there's a big aspect of that because, you know, if there's all  everyone wants to talk about civil war this, civil war that. Well, at some point, you know, you have to assume your friends aren't, you know, going to get you arrested without doing anything. Doesn't that show that the left are in a way more moralized where they don't see everyone is  potentially being a fed and they're willing to do to agree to commit crimes alone which I mean it this sounds kind of petty Luigi didn't act alone and we don't know that he was acting in concert I think it's safe to assume that the boomer might have presented himself as a sort of patsy to help him get away but we don't know that  Oh, I've heard. I thought that because he was a patsy, he was serving as a distraction. But I mean, that's what he did in effect. But was that in concert? I don't know. Yeah. What I explained on my Twitter is you have a hive mind of leftists. They think they are at war. And a lot of them are feeling that way. And you had in the crowd probably a lot of leftists wishing that Charlie Kirk would get shot or they would be instantly willing to cheer it on as it happened.  And we've seen the cheer-ons. So I believe we can interpret the actions of the boomer as he joined the war as part of the leftist type mind. He saw, oh, Charlie Kirk just got shot. I'm going to offer myself in a way that perhaps will spare the actual shooter. Yeah. I don't know if you guys saw this, but that same guy, this George Zinn, had a month or a few weeks after the Boston Marathon bombing had sent emails to a marathon in Colorado saying that something to the effect of he was going to plant bombs at their marathon.  This guy is an antisocial. He's a crazy leftist. He's a leftist weirdo. Yeah, exactly. What these two things have in common or how they go together, I can't really say. But it is just an interesting data point that he has made violent threats to a crowd of people before. what an awful person he was then like questioned by the FBI and he was never really intending you know it's not like he had bomb making materials or anything but it's just like what is the but I know the type it's the kind of guy who attracts trouble and he's kind of a magnet to trouble and Anywhere he's going to be, just like the guy who was wearing a buffalo head at the January 6th, they drag a lot of attention to themselves and they always get at the center of attention. Yeah. Are you casting aspersions against the QAnon shaman? I mean...  Oh, sorry. I won't countersign the good man. Yes, he's a shaman. He understands vibrations. Yes. AA, you're back up. Go for it. Yes. So I wanted to counter this notion that the right are sort of a bunch of bumbling, not very violent idiots. and the left are sort of very, or the left are sort of violent, bumbling idiots, and the right are, you know, they have everything together and they know what they're doing. I don't know, I've heard sort of contradictory points. I think that right-wing violence, I mean, from the data I've seen, is much more prevalent than left-wing violence to the degree that you can figure out these things in terms of their motivation.  assuming there is a motivation. Right-wing violence has been known to be a big problem for a very long time. It's been tracked by many different groups. So I don't think the left, I think left-wing violence, we saw this with the sort of Antifa stuff, which seemed to be a flash in the pan and it just disappeared. We saw this with George Floyd, which I think had a lot more to do with COVID than it had to do with BLM I mean how many black men have been killed by the police and it's been on the news I think it had to do with pen up rage because people were in the house they wanted to you know it was an excuse to get out of the house but I think that I think conservatives are not being given enough credit and I say that in a very cynical way conservatives are extremely coordinated and motivated if you read um sort of histories of conservatism in America, especially, you know, sort of books that are like, you know, rise and fall of conservatism or how the right did, you know, took over whatever it was. The general theme is that they're actually very, they really know what they're doing. And I think one of the problems is that people who are sort of on the right, but more dissident, right? All right. They view conservatives as, watered down versions of themselves and i think this has a lot to do with the southern strategy that they've they're not aware of because they don't read but and and and so they're sort of caught up in this notion that conservatives are just sort of weak And we're the strong ones because we have the real position and we just have to push them towards us instead of viewing conservatives. And I think Richard, you've done this pretty well, which is that you have to view conservatives as the enemy because they're coming from a totally different starting point. And I think conservatives don't want what we want at all.  They want austerity. They want Zionism. They want Christian theocracy. That's what they want. That's what they say explicitly. If you actually listen to what they're saying, they say that's what they want. If you look at right-wing movements around the globe that have popped up, populist movements in Europe, whether it be Marine Le Pen or,  was a guy in Hungary and some of these others, they all say this, this is what they want. And when they get into power, this is what they do. And so I, and these are not things I support in the slightest. I don't want any of this. So, and I don't think we should want any of this. So I think we, we don't give them enough credit. And I think  I think one of the issues is that there's this disconnect between culture and politics. So I think Pat Buchanan wrote a book. It was one of his lesser known ones. It was a small one. It was something like conservative history.  It was like conservative victory, liberal victories, conservative elections. Yes, I know exactly. I think it might have been an early one. His point is that the Republicans keep winning elections and the left continues on its march, basically. Yes. And this is something that you see with sort of liberal critiques of conservatism.  is that they say, we control the culture. The people are on our side. This is something Michael Moore used to say all the time. He used to say, the united states is a left-wing country if you look at the polls and he's correct people support gun control they support legal gay marriage they support um health care for all they support health care for all they support transgender they support legal weed they support pathway to citizenship they support raising the minimum wage we are a left-wing country if you look at polling But conservatives are very good at winning elections, and when they do, they really go hard at putting their policies in place. Not from a sort of alt-right perspective, but from a sort of Christian, theocratic, evangelical perspective, which is that we don't like gays, we don't like socialism, and we love Israel. That's basically their shtick, if you want to boil it down. There's obviously nuance and variations, but that's basically it.  And liberals, and I think, what's his name? Eli Mestal, who's this, he's a black, he's got like a sort of Frederick Douglass afro. He's a lawyer. He's been on Sam Seder a few times. He said this very succinctly, which is that I think one of the reasons liberals and the left and generally said, have this problem electorally is because they have such a large coalition.  and such a diverse coalition. So they have the gays, you have blacks, you have Mexicans, which are mostly immigrants. You have women, you have transgender, you have, you know, there's like all these people and they all have competing interests and it's kind of, they all kind of don't like each other for various reasons, but it's all kind of have a,  tendency to purity spiral and counter-signal each other, especially on the more extremes. And so there's this tendency for them not to work together. And the left-wing critique of Democrats is that they're spineless and they're just sort of watered down versions of Republicans. If you look at their policies, I mean, there was this book, I think it was called Surrender by Merlot, I think was the guy's name.  And the thesis of the book was that Bill Clinton cemented in policy the Reagan revolution. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's absolutely correct. He did welfare reform and Reagan didn't. Yes. Bill Clinton, he repealed Glass-Steagall. He did welfare reform. He locked blacks up, mass incarceration. Joe Biden was involved in that.  You had the immigration stuff. They were all talking about the wall, Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer. They were all talking about the wall in the early 2000s. I mean, it really is incredible. And I think the sort of lesson that we can learn is that.  Conservatives are our enemies and we shouldn't see them as a watered down version of ourselves. They're a totally different starting point. They are actually very, very strong people and they're very determined and they're very organized. It's just they're not organized for us, but they want our votes and they want our attention and they want our energy to use that for their ends. That's why they pander. That's the Southern strategy. It's the whole point of it. They'll say all the words. They'll say the 14 words.  because it gins up the online white incel vote. Yeah. Beautifully said. I agree. Powerful. I totally agree. I guess I'm... This is also the difference. Look, saying this is a bit self-serving, so I do hesitate to say this, but isn't there a weird thing, JF, where... If we go back to 2016, you had Paul Ryan saying, well, there are these alt-conservatives, but they're actually liberals and also Nazis. There was this confusion about what the alt-right was. How do we navigate it? Do we ignore it now? We can't. Should we bash it? Who are they? Are they left-wing? They're talking about social... They're cool socialized healthcare. What is this thing? The woke right...  This is Lindsay. It's a sort of losing strategy. That was back in a time when you could fairly say that conservatives were cocked. Now, dare I say it, I am not welcome at a conservative gathering. I remember I was on a space and they were like, we kicked you out of the right or whatever. Isn't it sort of funny that Charlie Kirk and, and like Michael Knowles or whatever, they're like not on everything, of course, but they're, they're sort of weirdly much more extreme than I ever was. And I know this sounds self-serving, but I, I, I being rational here, like I never said I want to destroy like transgenderism must be eliminated or something. I didn't use that type of rhetoric. Um, I heard explicitly said that 12 year old girls should have to be forced to carry to term the child of their rapists. I never said that. The other thing is saying. a lot of the the ml even on the the race issue you know and and maybe 2016 was a little different as you guys know many of the people who come in to my Substack and get very disappointed start to learn that we talk about like the bible and movies and carl marx or something and it's not just me being like  1350, 1350. And it's worse than 1350 because it's like 600 because it's all black men killing white ladies. Like, I don't do that because I find that shit excessively boring. And I just don't even need to mention it. Benny Johnson... Charlie Kirk, Candace Owen, like all of these people, if you want red meat, blacks are terrible.  You go there. You don't need to subscribe to me. You don't need to go to Amron or V-Dare or whatever. You just go there. They'll give it to you. The mission is free, basically. The level at which they destroyed or kicked me out of the right or whatever and destroyed the alt-right, but then have become more racist...  than the alt-right. I'm exaggerating, but only slightly. And I think we always need to understand what's really happening here. They don't like David Duke. They're not gonna have David Duke at CPAC. They're not gonna have Nick Fuentes at CPAC, even though he's much, much closer to they are than I am. They're certainly not gonna have me at CPAC. We're the enemy because we're not pandering. We're not saying, did you know that 13% of the population commits 50% of the crime because we're doing that to bring in voters. They are evangelicals in the sense that they want to bring in white nationalists, but also bring in blacks and also bring in single mothers. Right.  All at the same time, they think, and it's not just pragmatism for an electoral strategy. This is how they think as conservatives. They are Christian to the core. They're missionaries. They want to bring in everyone to this tent. And so it doesn't need to make sense.  It doesn't need to be coherent at all. It can be wildly contradictory because everything they say is a pandering strategy to a group. So they're going to be like, there's crazy Zoomer neo-Nazis out there. Let's do a little 1350. And then they're like, well, also single mothers who are raising black children alone  You're my hero. They'll do that five seconds after being racist. This has been going on since Jordan Peterson hanging out with frog avatars and flirting with 4chan. And what you have to understand is there is a bunch of independent thinkers that have risen in the last 20 years. And it's almost the first time in human civilization that  truly independent people who just figure out things from their bedroom, literally. And sometimes from their mom's bedroom. And what you have there is a class of cartel. Sometimes from your mom's bedroom, if you know what I mean. Yes. Just kidding.  That's where I figured it all out. Why are we all rejected? Some of us are left wing, right wing, but we were all rejected because we're not part of the organized cartel of speech that has decided to take over YouTube, take over right wing speech and take over sometimes by doing what we do more extreme. uh so it's a cartel and it's because we were not part of the club the party and you're not invited if you're an independent thing exactly and don't you think also and i know this is extremely self-serving but i'll just keep on saying it don't you think it is a conspiracy of mediocrities on some level now look absolutely i i feel for charlie kirk  absolutely. Like I, as I said before, I loved him for the first time when he was killed because I was like, I don't want this, you know, et cetera. But like,  Look, the guy doesn't have a college degree. He looks goofy as fucking hell. I mean, he is not like a idol. I mean, if I want to represent like mediocre quasi Mormon goofball Americans, like I would just choose his photo.  Not very strong philosophically, by the way. Not strong philosophical chops. No, exactly. He didn't have any philosophical chops. He was listening to Rush Limbaugh in high school while his friends were playing football team and banging the captain of the cheerleading squad. He was listening to Rush Limbaugh. That's who he is. And I'm sorry, but it is a conspiracy of mediocre people to keep out, to gatekeep not just dangerous ideas, because they'll actually let the dangerous ideas into the gate. That's the interesting thing. It's keeping out superior intellectuals. I mean, I'm sorry, self-serving, but does anyone actually deny this? Absolutely.  Because we stemmed from a meritocracy. They didn't. They were named from the top and placed there to absorb our juice. I have to go, Richard. Much love. Yes, much love, GF. Thank you, as always. You're always welcome, Hira. All right. Let's keep going. W...  Hello, Richard. Hope everything's well. My question is for you that they still haven't apprehended this guy. They still haven't apprehended. Well, and it took a while for them to, for the government to apprehend Luigi Mangione. There's kind of a competence issue, competency issue within the administration. I mean, they call for blood and there's a lot of banter on X about, um, kind of getting back at the libs for all of this. But at the end of the day, the guy's still, the guy that, um, shot Charlie was, uh, is still, uh, is still, is still out. Um, the possible shooter is still at large and, uh,  There doesn't seem to be much headway into finding this guy. And I think that if they were really serious, that there was some true competency within the right, that this would be solved by now. But it's not the right, though. I mean, it is the FBI. I.  I mean, I'm sort of a bit conflicted here. I mean, we have a podcast-occupied government at this point. I mean, Kash Patel was a public defender, and good on him for that, but... I mean, he came to prominence as a guest on podcast where he said wild stuff about COVID and the 2020 election, and he's now in charge of the FBI. So it's a podcast-occupied government. Now, I also believe that... You know, there are people working in Utah who know how to investigate crimes and hunt people down. And it doesn't really... It's not like Kash Patel is...  on a dashboard pushing buttons and pulling levers or something. Surely these people operate by the book, but by a book that was written a hundred years ago and has always worked in order to find. So I do think that there's clearly incompetency going on and there's also just like long-term incompetency going on.  There's a competency at the top. There's long-term incompetency of we're getting dumber, diversity, blah, blah, blah. But I don't know. I mean, it's not like... the your average local police force or a bunch of keystone cops i mean they still do their jobs they arrest people they investigate crimes etc i mean surely it's the the rot has not gone so deep that they can't do their most basic function  So hypothetically speaking, if this guy did get away, where do the conservatives go then? They can't, they can't really place this on a leftist tranny. You know, they can't really, it's, it's like, it's going to be embarrassing for them. Are they going to, how are they going to. I put in really quick. I posted a link in the chat. People are saying it could be the guy. Yeah. oh is this the guy that 4chan discovered uh i'm not sure oh yeah i guess it does say valdez or whatever yeah transsexual who um looks similar to the person of interest um sky valdez yeah i'll show this um  I don't know here. 4chan has reportedly identified Sky Valdez, which has a SoundCloud of the track that was uploaded a month ago called Charlie Kirk Did at 31, but deleted the track and changed his location to Leave Me Alone. The same gentleman was also spotted at an earlier tour date questioning Charlie, and he lives in Utah. Is this the same guy the FBI is looking for? I mean...  So that is apparently him, Sky Valdez. Okay. The side-by-side picture looks some similarity, but... Definitely. He kind of looks like one of the Nilt brothers. I mean... One of those pictures. Yeah, you know, it's plausible, but the only problem here is...  I don't know, it's almost like the plot from Basic Instinct. Just because you wrote a novel about murdering someone doesn't mean you murdered that person in real life. That's not hard evidence. Now, there is a resemblance. And if 4chan got it right, then okay, credit to them. But I don't think they quite understand how you think through these things. you can't just convict someone because he wanted to do it and wrote a song about doing it that that's not that that can be cooperative but that's not evidence interesting though um hunkle i think you're muted still hunkle oh sorry can you hear me now yes we can hear you okay do you think that um the shooter was specifically aiming at charlie kirk's neck as a way of taking out his voice as in like shooting his voice box and taking away his ability to speak  You know, there was a movie called Machete that came out in 2010, I remember. And this was at the first brewings of the immigration debate thing. And I remember Machete was this... kind of like um what was he from mexico he was like the fbi and cia and police force all rolled up into one a federale and but he was hard on his luck yeah i think tarantino produced it but i think didn't richard rodriguez directed anyway it's kind of a forgotten film it was almost like a quasi exploitation movie but anyway  there was a anti-immigration senator or something played by Robert De Niro. And he actually did just that. He shot him in the throat to kind of like nick him or miss him and not kill him because he didn't have it in him to kill him. Anyway, when you said that, that just brought it up. I don't think so. My guess is that...  I've gone back and forth on this, and I am not certain. But my guess is that this is someone who is a highly competent marksman, but not necessarily a deep state operative or military super soldier.  And I think that he was aiming at his head and he didn't factor in gravity at that distance. And he was going for a headshot and it just went down to his neck and it hit him. That's my guess. Now, I've heard also that you should aim for the center of the body if you really want to kill someone. Don't go for the spectacular headshot, but shoot for the body. And the fact that he didn't do that might also suggest that he was not... He was a competent marksman, but not a...  Green Beret Special Forces super soldier. But is it symbolic that he shot his throat so he could no longer speak? Interesting suggestion. I'm not sure. I don't buy it. I don't think that's plausible. Hey, Richard, can I jump in real quick? I have something on this exact topic. So when I initially heard about the shooting, I was actually watching Destiny's stream. And...  I know, right? I'm glad we have some crossover in our audience. It's more heat watching. But anyway, I heard someone in his chat suggest that he got hit in a bulletproof vest and it ricocheted. And I kind of thought that was bullshit. It didn't really make sense. But last night I was watching videos and I found a video on X that was slowed down and I could slow it down even more to 0.5 speed.  And in the course of the video, you can see the outline. It's not a bulletproof vest. It looks like a what's called a plate carrier, which this one looks like it goes down to about halfway down his stomach. And a plate carrier, you could put steel plates or bulletproof plates in, which I didn't even think that Charlie Kirk would wear that, but it makes total sense that he would. And in the video, I slowed it down enough and it kind of does appear that the bullet hits the plate because there's kind of like a concussive force and his body moves. And then it looks like the bullet mushrooms, like it flattens out.  And then it goes to his neck. And this kind of makes sense because I think they identified the round as a 30-06, which I've always heard, well, you know, you get your entry wound, but the exit wound is massive. And in the video, it doesn't look like there's an exit wound. It looks like the bullet just stays in his neck, which doesn't really make sense. But if it hit the plate, it would have lost enough energy to where it could have hit him in the neck and lodged in his neck.  All possible. Obviously, a bullet is traveling faster. It's traveling so fast that the individual frames sort of can't catch it, you know. uh i saw some videos that suggested that it ricocheted off his vest i've seen other videos that didn't seem like that and i would say if a bullet is traveling that fast at you the the sort of like the air that it's pushing out in front of it is going to create force and and could make it look like it's ricocheting off his chest um  I mean, I think we should just wait and see. This is a technical question. I mean, on some level, it doesn't matter. But I am of the view that he was shot in the neck, and I don't fully buy that. I would imagine that he's wearing a Kevlar vest, which is there to absorb the bullet, as opposed to a plate. That sounds like...  In the military, a lot of people have the idea of a vest. It's like it's literally just a Kevlar vest. But military style, it's kind of like a canvas vest. And you literally stuff plates in them. So it's very common. And... As far as like the skill of the shooter, like I said, I was in the Marines, so I trained with M16. I wasn't in the infantry, but everyone trains with rifles. And even with an M16 with a four-time scope, you would shoot up to 500 yards in boot camp in the prone position, like laying down. Mm-hmm.  500 yards with a headshot, that would be pretty skilled. But this, they say, was at 200. And then you factor in that... 400 feet, which is like from home plate to center field in a baseball stadium. So it's pretty far, but not... You know, you can see someone. Like, you can even see... Yeah, it's not like a...  I don't know. Especially like with a four time scope in the prone, even with an AR style rifle. I don't think that is like a like a crazy difficult shot. But if you consider the fact that he had a 30 off six like long rifle, probably with a scope that was like maybe even six to eight times.  I don't think it's an incredibly difficult shot. And from the video I saw, it did look like he was aiming center mass. Like I said, I think it was Ricochet, which to me makes sense because there's no exit wound. Neither here nor there. But I don't  like I've heard   people trying to say that this is like some crazy high-level marksman. But a lot of people also said the same thing about Luigi Mangione shooting because his gun jammed and he cleared the jam. And if you train...  any amount of time with farms, you're going to learn how to do that. So I don't think this is some high level assassin. I think this is just, you know, a guy who's... As I said, it's a competent marksman, but not a super soldier. That's kind of how I... That's sort of where I've ended up. I too, when I first was hearing about this stuff, I did think that it was high level. Now, keep this in mind as well. Crooks, when he was trying to kill Trump, I don't know how many shots he got off, but it was a number. There's something about the one and done, like one shot and you start fleeing, that does suggest more of a professional or someone...  I don't know. Well, I think Crooks, I don't know for sure, but I think he did have an AR-style rifle, which is semi-automatic, and you'd be able to get more rounds off. But I think the gun that they found was a bolt action, meaning you're going to fire, and then you're going to have to pull your bolt back and forward. So maybe the guy already planned, okay, I'm only going to take one shot, or he saw his shot hit and then stop. But with a bolt action, that kind of makes sense, I suppose.  We'll find out. I mean, these are technical details and we'll find out. The other thing that would lead me to, if this guy actually gets away with it, that would also lead me to buy some conspiracy theories that this was like a foreign actor. Luigi looks like he was about to get away with it. but then was caught seemingly easily at McDonald's, a super soldier would have led the country by now. And also to make it even darker, if there were sinister forces behind this, they might've even liquidated the asset. So yeah.  It's not the shooting part that's the impressive part. It's the getting away. I think the shooting is pretty impressive, though. Keep this in mind as well. And again, I'm sort of going back and forth here. But whenever I'm on these spaces and these conservatives get up there, they're all like, down at the range. I'm so good at hitting the target. Yeah. At a range, this is the equivalent of like saying I can throw a football to my friend from 20 yards and I'm pinpoint accurate. So therefore, I could be in an NFL game where 11...  crazy guys are trying to tackle me and I could throw that pass just as well. You can't. Playing backyard football is just fundamentally different than being in a game where 11 people with high level adrenaline are trying to knock your head off.  Many people will miss at point-blank range because adrenaline is flowing through their body. There's actually a good scene in Quantum of Solace, James Bond movie, where Daniel Craig's James Bond is talking to someone who's going to kill this man who killed her father. And he's like, you've done it before. You've been to the range, but this time it's different. Get your shot off. Make it count. Take a breath. Like...  very few times in our lives do we have adrenaline at a hundred. And that really is when you fear for your life. So I, all I'm saying here is that I don't know because you, I, I, I'm conflicted basically, but I want to weigh all of these things properly and,  It's different shooting at a gun range with your pals. It's just fundamentally different than killing someone.  At a gun range, you are shooting at a target that is the same height. This guy is shooting down at angles with wind. Not that Charlie's moving around a ton, but a person moves as they sit. Of course, they lean back, they move to the right or the left a fraction of an inch. That makes a difference. It's not the same to compare. I can hit a target at 200 yards directly in front of me that's not moving.  The comparison to the NFL quarterback is a good one. Yeah. Regular guy? I want to ask you, what do you think about Richard Hanania, who is one of my favorite pundits, by the way, his reaction to it, how he's seemingly in denial that There are people out there that hate Charlie Kirk and are goading for his death when millions of people can find videos of these people just gloating about it. It's like he's willfully being denying and saying, no, the right is actually brutal and you celebrate death of other people. But no one on the left does it, despite the fact that  People have videos of it. And he says, well, this guy named literally Black Redguard isn't the left for some reason. Well, he's doing his whole thing, which I agree with him. And it's very kind of Spencerian, which is basically that the New York Times is better at truth seeking than Twitter.  And right-wingers are like, the New York Times is liberal bias. We're the only people tell it like it is. And that's just fucking nonsense. You guys are deluded maniacs and partisan hacks, basically. And I more or less agree with that. And to be fair, most liberals who know it, Whatever they really feel or whatever they say to their friend or their wife after having a few drinks, they're not, you know, like a New York Times journalist is not being like he had it coming. They are saying the right thing. And I think they largely mean it. as well in Hanani's defense now there are some exceptions there was that guy on CNN who said like maybe one of the yahoos in the crowd his gun went off because he was firing in celebration and if you say hateful things you're generating violence or that clearly was that was like in between basically that was the kind of like he had it coming but I'm not going to say he had it coming and then there are like zoomers on TikTok doing dances and  So I think he is in denial. He's not in denial about the elites, right? Yeah, that's like saying that, you know, just because Amran attendees are, you know, are better people than someone who advocates genocide unironically and lives under a bridge doesn't mean the guy who advocates genocide and lives under a bridge isn't real.  Yeah, exactly. The other thing about Hanania is that you know if Hassan was murdered... You know, and there would be plenty of conservative journalists who'd be like, I disagree with this man, but, you know, violence is not the answer. There'd be plenty of those. But then he would be highlighting all the right wingers who were like, good riddance, fuck him. You know, he would be being like, this is the state of the right. You know, he would basically not be fair in effect. Also, the whole escaping thing, I mean, that raises the question of, you know, the classic like trope of the outlaws going to Mexico. That's like 100 years old. I mean, Mexico is what, the 18th highest GDP in the world. You can't really, there's nowhere in the new world where that you can hide except one country cuba really i mean basically every country and venezuela every it seems like every country in the americas is basically is going to extradite you like the old outlaw who hides in in mexico that was like an early 1900s thing when mexico was having their civil war and  Relationships are more tense. And Cuba, does Cuba really want, I know Ashada Shakur, like some black nationalists escaped to Cuba in the 70s or 60s.  But is that even a viable escape route for a would-be killer? I don't think so. If these people are going to escape, where would they go to? I mean, Russia or China, but there's the distance and the geography. And basically every country is extraditioned with the U.S. pretty much. Well, there are a few ones that don't.  But they might have an, I mean, there's, what is it, Vietnam? I think Ukraine doesn't have an extradition treaty.  Even if they don't have the treaty, they're likely to human rights. They're likely to do it, is what you're saying. Yeah, I think that's fair. Even Cuba probably would at this point. I mean, there are days of... It just seems like they don't want to... There's no Soviet Union you can defect to, unfortunately. Someone posted this in the chat. Let's just... Accounting gang violence. Great! i hate publishing this see i understand why people think that that ricocheted i just i think don't don't you think that that's likely a shockwave No, Richard, if you adjust it to 0.5 speed, and you'll have to go back a little bit, or even 0.25 speed, you can actually see the bullet, I believe. Maybe use your arrow keys and go frame by frame. Yeah.  Wow, this is crazy. I'm just going to turn down the sound. That's just distracting. Okay. Okay. Is that the bullet? I believe so. Interesting.  Wow. Is it coming from Charlie Kirk's right? Yeah, it looks like the bullet is coming at a downward angle, and then it hits his plate and then bounces up into his neck. So I think it would have fit in his right chest area. Huh.  He was wearing a bulletproof vest. That's the trouble with steel plates, though. Don't steel plates have like the... It's easier for it to ricochet off of or ceramic. They break, but tends to absorb the shock better. Yeah, I think that's correct. I think Charlie Kirk was dead instantaneously as well. He actually held on for an hour, though, I heard. I mean...  this is catastrophic. Um, yeah. Hmm. Well, enough of that. I, I really don't want to like indulge in the gore, to be honest. I mean, we'll, we'll learn these things, um, in time. Um,  Yeah, the private jet thing. Yeah, I saw a community note on that. There was a private jet that turned off its radar at some point. It's interesting. AA? Yeah, so I wanted to mention... I want to go back to something you were saying about the anti-intellectual nature of the right and conservatives. Conservatives have for a very long time been wanting to not just defund but completely privatize education, especially public education. They've just had this enormous hard-on. You saw this with Betsy DeVos and many others is sort of libertarian streak that they have um and it really is one of the worst things that you could do to a country is to make everyone illiterate idiots who lap up whatever state propaganda i mean these people are like pretend to be um against government against socialism I mean, this is the most bootlicking thing you can do is to make a nation of illiterate idiots who just lap up whatever the state tells them, which is basically what conservatives want. They don't really want people to be against the state. They just want to be in charge and then everyone obey them. And they're idiots and they're anti-intellectual. And there's a reason why. the Academy is staffed with liberals and leftists because that's what you, you know, unless you become a Nietzschean, that's really the only path to have a brain is to go down, you know, to go down that particular intellectual path. And so as Apollonians, I think we should be very skeptical of that and alarm bells should be going off in our head. And I think we should be for, mandatory public education i don't even think there should be private education i think it should be all public and the state should oversee it and there should be a standardized you know guidelines and all that sort of thing it should be for everyone should have to do it from the dumbest to the smartest because that lifts everyone up that's just good and there's a thing with college too is that people will say  Well, there's too many people going to college, and I don't necessarily agree with that. I think there's too many people getting college degrees, which is a whole different thing because it's not  the issue is not really  the issue with too many people in college is really degree inflation. That is, too many people have degrees. So, for example, if as Apollonians we were to design our own system, I think we should even, unless you have very low IQ, but if you're average and above, I think most people should go to college, but I don't think most people should get degrees.  I see what you're saying. I 100% agree with you on public education. Yes. I would articulate the college thing in just a little bit of a different way. There...  There's no doubt degree inflation out the wazoo. There's no doubt this sort of... And I would associate with the millennials. Sorry if I'm insulting anyone. Just this, like, I have a master's in social work. Or, like, you know, I have this master's degree. There's just this credentialism, which is just very, very stupid. Yes. And I...  I think that is also ridiculous. I also believe, and this is like a founding philosophy of what we're doing here, is that education is wasted on the young in the sense that more people going to college, yeah, it is weird and it sounds like I'm being contradictory, but I'm actually not.  Which is that I believe in higher education. I believe in the liberal arts education as well. These STEM people need to just get out of town. That's just like their version of conservative stupidity, which is like everyone's going to be a civil engineer. So no one will have any ideas because ideas are linguistic.  And everyone will be utterly pragmatic. We're just going to be building bridges everywhere. And it's just awful notion. It's the equivalent of being stupid, even though I'm not trying to insult engineers. But if that is all you are, we're going to have no sort of social or intellectual development in our society whatsoever. Yes, I'm sure we have people who are like contractors who are in this very group and they would agree with me. But yeah, in terms of, you know, the university.  being a sort of democratic institution in the sense that a 60-year-old could go and study T.S. Eliot for the first time if he or she desired. I think that's a very good thing, actually. So, yeah, I guess these sound like I'm being contradictory, but I'm not.  I believe in higher education. I believe in liberal arts education. But I think what the college has become, it's so grotesque, we need a hard reset on it. But if I were to design something from scratch, it would be universal, obligatory public education.  I'm sorry, you're not teaching young earth creationism on this continent. Oh, God, no. Not happening. Sorry. Not going to do it. Not going to. And basically finding elites that... 10% of the population of graduating seniors, let's say, who really will benefit and need higher education in some form. They're going to become doctors. They're going to become intellectuals, etc. But then I agree with you, and my own actions bear this out.  I mean, this is the most egalitarian learning environment conceivable. $9 a month? Are you fucking kidding me? You know? Like, you can be homeless and afford this sub stack. Yeah.  Literally. And I am. And many are. But yes, it should be open to all and education is wasted on the young. I have always believed that. The idea that we're sending people without fully developed brains...  while they have fully developed balls and ovaries to university. What I mean by that is that if you're a young man at a university, you're obsessed with chasing tail and vice versa. It's actually in the book one of Plato's Republic, actually. And maybe you should be there at age 21. But  Might you be there... Might it be better at age 41 or 61 or 91...  Maybe you're facing death and you want to contemplate this in a serious way. Don't want to get too morbid. But I absolutely believe in that. Conservatives, I've noticed this as well. I think I told this anecdote a while ago. I was on a space with this conservative and they were like, we teach our kids the classics. They will read Willa Cather and Shane and whatever. Their definition of classics is not mine.  What I told her is you do realize that Shakespeare wrote his plays for adults. Yes. You know what I mean? He didn't write Hamlet thinking that one day 13-year-olds will read this and learn to become productive citizens. He wrote that for adults to contemplate.  And that goes for all great literature. Conservatives, if they have an interest in culture, it's that we need to force young people to read something that they don't understand and don't like. That's their definition of culture. Forcing children to do something unpleasant. That's what culture is. Whereas like culture for us is, yeah, it can be a labor often, but it's a joy and you benefit and you deepen yourself.  Yeah, Macbeth is my classic go-to. You want to give that to a 12-year-old so they can become a productive citizen? You want them to read Macbeth? It's like, okay. It's purely aesthetic in their case, in the conservative line. And it is fascinating. That the same people, and I love when people start, you know, the same people, but conservatives are the people who will endlessly say that they're defending Western civilization and Western culture. And yet they've produced no culture. In fact, everything they produce is anti-culture.  It is liberals. And I know you've said this many times. It's liberals who own the bookstores, who run Hollywood, who run the media that you can actually trust. It's mainstream, but you can actually trust it. And it's not partisan. They are in the universities. They do all the artwork and et cetera. And this is not just now. This is historically going back hundreds of years. It's always liberals doing this, leftists doing this. um conservatives have never done this they're useless yes they're the least likely to do it they don't they don't want it they don't want to go to the theater what is that gay you have to turn your kids gay yeah so exactly they're the enemies of culture they need to be dragged into apollonian culture it is i agree or just kicked out of it i mean we're not going to reach them yeah i agree it is funny i'm sorry i'm just repeating myself but i isn't it interesting that when they talk about saving western civilization it's they think of that in terms of like homework and  You know, it's like, you know, don't teach them gay stuff. Like, they need to go read all that shit that we hated. Yes. I think as Apollonians we should abolish homework. Homework is the worst. Homework is awful. Yeah, I agree with that. Homework is cut. you need a respite yeah you should go you should do it in class yes and read together read out loud and and discuss it that's yeah that's the that's the the sort of purpose of the the sort of dialectic which is discussion yes there's no point like i mean a lot of colleges have this now just totally online asynchronous classes  What's the point? You may as well just read it yourself and watch a YouTube video. The discussion in class is the whole point. Yes, I 100% agree with that. You can go create a syllabus and read Willa Cather and then watch a YouTube video of a professor talking about it for 30 minutes. That's great. It's fine. It's good. There's no point in getting a degree for that. Whereas there is a point to bringing people from around the country and having a class of 10 to 20 people engaged in argumentation, dialectic in the root meaning of that word.  Yes. And smaller classroom sizes. If you have 50 people in a class, that's terrible. You can't have a discussion that way. Yeah. Also, why go to a 101 course on astronomy with 500 people in it?  Like, just listen to a podcast at that point. Why are we forcing people to go into an auditorium? It's so backward. Like, if that's what education is, then there is no point to education. You might as well just listen to a podcast. You know, most people listen to this discussion we have today and the Sunday stuff as a podcast. They listen to it afterwards, which is great. But yeah, there's just no... if there's going to be education, like if we were to have an institution, we would bring in people and we would have discussions, uh, uh, between 20 at most. Yes. I agree. Yeah. All right. I am getting a little bit sleepy, so let's power through these last four. So I will Mad Max go.  Yeah, just as a quick note, I definitely agree with you guys about the state of education. I'm actually in college now and I was in the military before. So now I'm 27 and all my classmates are 19. So for sure, it's definitely wasting all the young. But my main question is I was actually talking to a female classmate about this, about the Charlie Kirk shooting.  And she just had this attitude of like gleeful celebration. And we saw the female reaction to Luigi Mangione's murder. And...  I'm just curious what you would have to say. There's something in the female psychology, especially with liberal or leftist women. This is like a very common reaction to political violence. It's just like this gleeful celebration and there's almost something psychosexual to it. So just food for thought for you. Yeah.  Charlie Kirk gives them the ick. So did Brian Thompson. And Luigi makes them have interesting feelings. And yeah, there is something psychosexual to it. No doubt. I'll power through these last two. So regular guy. And then I'll go to Pareto. Don't you think that the war on public schools, which to grant liberals their due, is real from the right, but it comes from a place of hatred of the public space as a whole? And I think we can really trace that back to the civil rights where basically...  it's racial. They had to share the public space with, um, black people. And there it's part of a general retreat from the public space, which in a way has gone beyond race. I mean, I, in the last 20 years, there is some, there has been, there is something extra scummy about a lot of poor, uh,  poorer Americans in a way. And I think it's, yeah, there's the hatred of education as well. And also I think people that are, that are right are,  really understand scarcity of education, where if everyone's educated, no one's educated. And maybe it's subconsciously a defense mechanism where they seek to tear down public education so that their kid being smarter is will have that will take them further because if people that are poorer than their kid are not educated their kid is going to be able to do better just by maybe instinctual intelligence or by some private school or online program and they they just don't have the courage to say we think too many people are educated  And we have to pull the rug out from under it, or thus no one's going to be educated. I understand what you're saying. I don't fully agree. I think it's much more of just a hatred of elites. They see education itself as a kind of poison that makes you liberal. And I guess I agree much more with AA that... They want a society of people who are competent at being a contractor or owning a small business or being a plumber. But I think they genuinely believe that education is poison and that it turns you liberal. And it's better to not be educated at all. I mean, I do think that they really think in that way.  Because they're afraid of linguistic persuasion, which is a kind of manipulation. They can't play that game. And so they want to like end the game. Yeah.  Which rhymes with what you're saying about, like, you've lost the public space. You know, there's a pool here. This is a weird anecdote. There's a pool. Yeah, the pool is the typical, the most intimate of public spaces. Yeah. And there's a pool near Whitefish that's in Columbia Falls that looks like something out of...  that movie, The Sandlot, you know, it's like so 1960s, like they haven't updated anything. But I took my kids there, I think like twice this summer. And it's this like they loved it. I mean, it's all rich and poor go there, but it it's it's all just functional white people. There's no danger in that pool. and uh i i think there is something about like you lost the pool and so you want to destroy all pools like you know it's like put one in your backyard yeah exactly or have this crappy pool in your backyard that where you're now kind of anti-social  Because the pool in... I wasn't alive in the 1960s, obviously, but I've seen movies about it. You could see your friend at the pool, or you'd meet a girl at the pool, or you'd meet a new person at the pool. There is a lot of positive qualities to public spaces. And the pool in your backyard that you never use, it's kind of sad. Yeah.  In a way, you know, are you going to go out, go swim alone? You know, I don't know. It's something to think about. Yeah, but also in the U.S., luxury is defined, and I didn't invent this, a liberal financial influencer did, as being able to avoid poor people. Because the poor in the U.S., of all races, have become extra scummy. Look at how many tattoos they have, and look at how many of them smell like weed. Yeah. yeah and they've become just they've become slop yeah and that's just the reality of things and that is sort of in a vicious cycle with the destruction of the public space because no one gives a shit  You know, like you don't want to dress up to go out in public. People did that throughout the 20th century. People would dress up just to like go to the store. Because there was a sense of that as a public space. If there's no public space, then everyone's just wearing sweatpants.  You're just staying at home. There's no need to perform aesthetically, at least, in the public space if the public space is devalued. All right. We'll power through these last two. Pareto and then Richard. Hi. So one thing I realized was that so many engineering programs, so many STEM programs in the world, especially also in the United States, is that they lack this, I guess, humanities, like they lack enough humanities classes. So I was wondering, like what would the future like engineering reform reformation program would be would it be to like sort of create this liberal arts program okay so before you become an engineer we want you to study a liberal arts major and within that liberal arts major study the prerequisite mathematics physics chemistry classes and if you want to become an engineer go for it as a terminal master's degree um yeah i think this would be a great approach yeah like if because engineering um so we're we're talking about sort of a high a higher level engineering this isn't just like purely pragmatic like you're you're you're just gonna be at a construction site or you're a plumber nothing against any of those people perfectly  I'm talking about like a that accredited engineer. I think that if you are entering the top 10% or the top 20%, you will absolutely be forced to have a background in the liberal arts. you will read a core curriculum of books and maybe read a lot of these books highly critically, but you will have a broad knowledge so that the elite is all on the same page. Absolutely, yes. Yeah, and this is what I like about the, like one last point, the American medical education system. So America and Canada are interesting where you finish your undergraduate degree before going into medical school. So there are people who study philosophy specifically electrical engineering just any english literature before going to medical school and what ends up happening is that american doctors are hands down the best like overall doctors in the world and i suspect it has to do with that uh undergraduate well-rounded education that they have definitely yeah 100 percent um richard bring us home  Jude, can you hear me? Yes.  Hey, man. So this is actually my first time on. I've never spoken to you. I've been a big fan of yours for years. But something that I've been thinking about when you mentioned the whole college thing is that I actually went to University of Alabama. I was in a fraternity. I was a political science major. I was going to be in the conservative movement. It's a very long story, but I'm in a trade now, and I'm doing very well. I've paid off all my student loans. But I've noticed that so many young men in this industry... They weren't properly socialized because they never got to participate in this uninhibited frolic, so to speak, with, you know, their frat bros and girls and whatever the case may be. And it really it's like it makes so many of them like unable to deal with people and with things and get ahead in life and like have that libido for.  life and civilization that you talk about. And I do believe that there should be a way in which we can have universities have almost like a trade school element in a way where it's like, look, you can come here and you can learn a tangible skill and also get educated in the humanities and the linguistics and also get to party with those sorority girls. You know what I mean? Because we can't have it all now, can we? Yeah.  I mean, Richard, I was incredibly lucky in my situation. I actually, that sorority video that you did about those girls making those TikToks, I mean, I remember when Alpha Phi at Alabama was totally dethroned during the height of the Harley Barber incident. 150 girls were dropped. Their identity of this, like, blonde woman, you know, whatever, house just totally eroded away. And Greek life is slowly eroding as well. So...  I don't know. Just something to be said because I obviously don't use my degree, but I think that the value I got out of it was... Maybe that can even be done earlier. I mean, my father actually went to boarding school and there was a fraternity element to the houses. I mean, it was a bit like Hogwarts where you're put in this house and they even played football games against the houses and everyone had to play. That was a rule back in the...  I guess it would be the early 60s when he was there in high school. So I do sort of... I agree that you're sort of speaking from my own heart saying this. Now, I do think that college has been demeaned  in many ways by like, no one even cares about learning whatsoever. At least the students, they just simply want to get laid and drink beer. And it's like, why don't you just skip the college then? Like, let's cut to the chase and not bother going to class if that's all you're, you know, I don't know. It's a little bit tricky. I do understand what you're saying. So you're saying you meet like a tradesman and they've sort of never had fun in their life. They were in high school and there you have to kind of sneak around to have fun because you're not allowed to drink. And then you get out of high school and it's like nose to the grindstone. Now you've got to work and pay rent. And so it's just sort of they never had that moment in time. I understand. It's actually a good point. I understand what you're saying.  And it's terrible. And one last thing is like, you know, what I do now, I really enjoy it. But it's it's for me to have a path to like upward mobility. I really have to become my own owner of my own shop with what I specialize in. And I got very lucky to specialize in what I in transmissions, which is like a niche thing, you know, but. This one time, this one guy who was very passive aggressive, this mechanic who never went away to school, never, you know, no girls were in his life. He said, some of us didn't go to college like this guy. And I went, sorry, you were like measuring axle tolerances while I was partying with sorority girls. Sorry.  You know what I mean? They're very vengeful and they're very angry at people who did that, who were bitter. And there's so many undeserving guys in college with all these girls. But anyways, Richard, thank you for your time. You bring up good points. All right, guys. No more questions. Kyle, I'm sorry. I'm just tired. So...  We'll get to you next time. Notifications incoming about Sunday, and I will get this up as soon as possible because it's obviously extremely timely. I'll get this up tonight. All right, guys. I will see you soon. Ciao.