hello everyone i hope you are doing well jf you're back with us  Yes, things are great when you call me back three days later. Well, I feel like you have a lot of perspective on this. And in another way, we did this the day after the event. And... we were overtaken by facts basically all of these new facts came in and so i thought it was necessary to update what we were saying um i obviously published our original video and i think there's a lot of important thinking in there and uh it's worth watching even now but nevertheless we know a lot more and so much has happened  I have been sort of unhealthily glued to my phone over the past three days. I'm kind of ashamed of myself, actually. I need to do more productive and healthy things, but I'm just...  updating the timeline over and over again. Yeah, I imagine. My time between midnight and 5 a.m., which normally I do math or crazy projects of mine, is all just sifting through the feed of Twitter, looking for the next information. It's a bizarre addiction, but due to the emotional shock, understanding. Yes, that is very true.  First off, we have a quick question. This is someone named Cuck Murphy. I'm hesitant to even allow you to ask a question, but go ahead, Cuck Murphy. I just wanted to... basically bring up one of the things that was not present in the very first conversation between you and JF was the ballistics of the .30-06 rifle round. Even in World War II, there would be fist-sized exit wounds with FMJ ball round, which is not even comparable to... Like today's modern hunting rounds, which will completely like even with a 308, which is a neck down 30 odd six, there will be a huge exit wound on a deer, like gigantic like meat everywhere, blood, bone.  I feel like that's just a pertinent fact that I think that needs to be raised. It completely is. Why don't you do this? I hope you can stay for the whole event. And I wanted to save that for a little bit later. I don't want to dive into details too quickly. What I wanted to talk about was sort of the narrative battle of what all this means that's going on.  No problem. Then I wanted to talk about two things, and I'll give everyone a sneak preview. First off, I am by no means convinced that Tyler Robinson did this act.  And we should always, you know, assume innocence before someone goes to trial. And we almost think about that as being polite or something. You know, this guy's accused of embezzling money from his law firm. But it's like, oh, well, you know, we'll judge him after the trial, perhaps. But it's actually very important because things aren't always as they appear. And you have to have an open mind just because I mean, I just because it sort of looks like it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck doesn't necessarily mean it's a duck in all circumstances. So and with this, there are a lot of things that raise skepticism in my mind, including the apparent lack of an exit wound, as you were saying.  So I want to just hold off on that just for a little bit. So hopefully you'll be here, Murphy, for the whole show.  We'll keep it, you know, two hours ish timely. And you can bring this up again. So thank you for asking your question. I apologize for assuming that you might have been a troll just by your name. You're obviously a serious person, which is good. OK, first off, before we even talk about the crime itself, and i have a good video rundown and then i have the the affidavit of probable cause which i think is worth reading just to make sure what's going on here i do want to talk about the battle for the narrative um so i i feel like i am keeping my head while everyone is losing theirs  And it is incredible what we are seeing on the timeline now. First off, there clearly are some shit libs who looked at this event and were like, yeah, good, you got what you deserved or made fun of it or created comic versions of his death and so on. That is extremely shitty behavior. And I but I at the same time, I don't I think it's unfair to over exaggerate that and think like every Democrat is doing this. Now, the reaction to this by the right has it has this very particular conservative, passive aggressive authoritarianism to it. So first off, I don't want to dwell on this, but I've seen a number of cruel cartoons about George Floyd, et cetera, posted by mainstream conservatives and right-wingers over the years. So this idea that they are uniquely...  in susceptible to sadism, I think is incorrect. But let's just put all that aside in the conservative mind. It's what I mean by passive aggressive authoritarianism is that they see event like like this. They are absolutely shocked by it, angered, total, totally understandable. In my mind, I felt the exact same way.  And then they go from zero to 60 in 0.0 seconds flat. And they conclude almost immediately that the entire left was behind this. This was the last straw. We can no longer tolerate anything, and we must do something. There is some sort of whirlwind that is coming, and... it is going to swoop up the entire left the democratic party and antifa and marxists and whirl them into oblivion or something like that they are out for blood they think this is a turning point it is 9 11 for them they're they're saying that in their own words and they i don't know exactly what they want to do  Maybe they want to go out in the street and fight people. Maybe they want to go out in the street, as we saw this weekend in London, and have a rally and get energized. I've also heard a domestic war on terrorism. And so we're right back to that passive-aggressive authoritarianism post-9-11, where it's, look what you made me do. We're freedom-loving people, but we're going to suspend all that, and we are going to go after Muslims here and abroad and be rather ruthless about it. I don't know what's going to happen, and we can talk about predictions, but the exact same type of mindset is present, I can see, among normal conservatives. We're not talking...  you know, patriot front marches. We're not talking about hardcore white nationalists. We're talking about TPUSA attending conservatives who want a domestic war on terrorism now to go after the left. We need to break up the networks. We need to surveil them. Every single person in that Discord server needs to be arrested yesterday. This type of attitude is remarkable. So do you have any comments on that, JF, or observations?  Yeah.  I had started feeling the witch hunt last time we spoke, and I denunciated the witch hunt. I tweeted about it. I can't join this. I don't like mobs. I am truly a freedom, edgy boy of the Internet, an anarchist at heart, a libertarian. I really, really like liberty. I guess what we can conclude is that there's an incompatibility with the, in effect, moral puritanism of the American people as it stands.  And the founding ideas of America. The people drifted away from the First Amendment. And there's less and less people who care if you bring an argument on principle and they will tell you, yes, First Amendment, JF, I get everything you're talking about, but it's not time for this. It's time for war. So there's this kind of martial law in people's head that's going on, and they convert into a different mode. I don't blame them. I don't even judge them. I'm just saying, and I don't even care if the leftists end up paying, because honestly, I think there's a bunch of leftists out there with jobs from the states that just should be cleared out from rich society. Yeah.  they make a living of not being very productive. So I really don't care about the consequences of these witch hunts, but I just can't join them because it's not in my nature. I'm a black sheep.  I'm I'm actually I'm the same way. The other thing for every nasty freak who is genuinely reveling in Charlie Kirk's death, there seems to be about 10 people who don't like Charlie Kirk. And are saying things that might be a bit sarcastic, might be nasty on the edges, but also might have content to them. And there seems to be a kind of puritanical rage around Charlie Kirk where it's like, say Jesus is Lord. Say Jesus is Lord. You have to weep at the feet of Charlie. You have to understand that he was sacrificed for our sins. or we are going to go after you dox you get you fired you know like this charlie kirk was benign in the sense that he was very boring and In my mind, tedious, in fact, in his platitudes for conservatism, he would be he would get edgy on occasion of like DEI means didn't earn it kind of stuff. I understand why, like on a personal level and on an ideas level that most people don't like Charlie Kirk.  So I'm not really going to, I don't like Charlie Kirk. I loved Charlie Kirk for the first time when he suffered because I had just absolute sympathy and I could even imagine myself in that position. But even beyond my own personal fears, I just felt for the man and his family.  I still when I can separate that from his public persona, which I found exceedingly annoying.  And so I don't judge liberals for not like mourning. You know, it's just bizarre. It goes further than some Antifa freak, you know, tweeting out a meme. It's like you aren't celebrating the life enough. You aren't attending the funeral. Like we saw you weren't crying.  I noticed one tear. I want 10, 100 tears at the funeral. You didn't cry enough. It's bizarre what they are doing. And again, I do understand it on some level, but I'm just simply not going to take part in this. I guess I have enough self-respect.  Yeah, because, I mean, we're long-term people. I don't want to mislead my crowd into this rage bait where they think they will change the world by getting an Antifa professor fired. I'll be on the Internet in five years from now, and I don't want people to say, well, Jeff, we followed you on this, we took action, and nothing happened.  Because the fact is, these individuals targeting, it's not particularly productive. It does punish generally on the left. And I guess if you're really just about hurting and harming the other side, maybe you score a point. But you're also farming finer people on the left because if you attack speech, and I think that's the principle of the First Amendment, if you attack speech, you are training people to not speak. You are training the schizos that will stay isolated and  pop out of nowhere every 20 years. So attacking speech is never really worth it because the reality is the true extremists, they shut up. Same way this guy, Lance Twiggs, the trans boyfriend, this guy knew how to shut up. I've analyzed this entire Reddit history. He sounds like a gay liberal, almost centrist in a way. He certainly doesn't sound like an Antifa. He hid it.  It took his family to say, no, no, he's a psychopathic antifa type. So it's very important not to farm into your enemy the strain of resistance. That's interesting. So what I hear you're saying is that there's this chilling effect, but you're saying something even deeper, which is that psychopaths revel in the chill discourse in the sense that they can just say a few shibboleths here and there, a few talking points, and just kind of hide amongst you in a way. Absolutely. The psychopath, he has all of the layers, especially an extremely online one.  They have all of the layers to interact with a boomer, to interact with a conservative. But to them, they're never really revealing their true self, which is exactly what Lance Twiggs did throughout his life, except with his closest family member who have seen him at his most angry. yeah so i think there's also this battle for a narrative and i i think there's sort of three prongs or three fronts in this war rather so first off even on thursday night when we spoke first there was the suggestion that there were trans inscriptions on the bullet casings and  Basically, Santa Claus came in September for Megyn Kelly. This is the thing. You have to look at their own pathologies. You have to look at the degree to which they just revel in that. It was like they just opened up the gift and they got...  that Barbie that she was hoping for. Thank you, Santa. Like, it was a trans killer going after all conservatives, but Charlie is just the best of us and the representative. And they are running with that. Now, the next day, it was revealed that Tyler Robinson is, and I want to go into this a little bit further, conservative coded. I mean, if you look at him and photos that have been published and you had to guess whom he voted for, I would say he voted for Trump. But that was because of a disguise. Possibly. This is interesting. I'm glad you're here. Possibly.  I'm glad you're here because I want to go on down a little bit later. But then we get the next shoe to drop and there is the twigs boy slash girlfriend furry friend. Comes to save Megan Kelly. Yes, exactly. Yeah, there was demand for a trans shooter, and it turned out to be someone with a trans roommate, but someone who could qualify, given the writings on the casings, as a trans chaser. And trans people have this in their culture. They talk about this. Some of them don't like chasers. Because there's something weird about, oh, yeah, these guys really are looking for a trans boyfriend. All of my trans friends tell me, like, I never want to be in Washington during a conservative event because you can't get anything done. You're just being chased, basically. Yeah.  It's the same phenomenon with yellow fever. That's actually kind of true. Asian females will share among them, careful with this guy, he has yellow fever. He just wants sex with Asians. Well, I wouldn't know anything about that. I do.  But anyway, so there is a trans element. There's been it was either a roommate or a neighbor who said that they were holding hands and kissing. I actually have that video in this scratch. But so there we at least have some witness to the fact that he was a trans chaser and on some level.  And a subset of this right wing narrative is that he got radicalized in college. I think that is complete bullshit. He attended, first off, Utah State for a semester. And then he did exactly what Tucker Carlson told him to do, which was drop out and join a trade school. So I don't buy the he took a like you're a freshman your first semester there. You have to attend a Marxism course or something. I mean, I just I don't buy that. I would take some degree of reserve to this because it's not because you're not subscribed to the college that you are not part of influenced by the college culture around the city. The college has a big imprint on the city. And it means that perhaps his trans boyfriend could have been college educated or could have been in the process or some of their friends that they met with.  So I will take reservation. And yes, I get what you mean. It's bigger than classroom propaganda. But it's still a bunch of college kids, as far as I'm concerned, in a college town hanging out together. That's a fair one.  That's a fair point. It's the atmosphere and not the curriculum is what you're saying. Fair point. Then there's this other less successful, I would say, narrative being pushed, which is that he was a groyper. And evidence for that can be the if you...  If you read this, you're gay on one of the casings. Now, there's also... The bulge one is a little ambiguous, and then there's the fact that these are all coming from video games that catch this fascist seems unequivocal anti-fascist language. But anyway, they're fixating on that. He reads as conservative, as I said. If I had to guess just looking at this, I would say he's conservative. And we have this... of an escalation of the Groyper War, where in 2019, they were in the audience asking tough questions about the USS Liberty incident and how an anal sex and Catholicism, they were pressing him. And then what's the ultimate culmination of the Groyper War, but an actual war where you shoot Charlie Kirk, might this kid have been radicalized as a griper now i would say and i'm not trying to throw anyone under the bus here i'm being totally objective the fact that he had a trans girlfriend does not exclude the suggestion that he was a griper and i'll sort of just leave it at that um uh  A lot of it may be suggested. No, I won't go that far, but it there are a lot of young kids who are in Nick Fuentes. it it is what it is there there are some really big problems with any sort of zoomer organization of closet closeted behind the scenes homosexuality uh obsession with these are very online people obsession with weird porn etc i i think i am i i want to learn more i am not totally convinced that he is not right wing and i would just add this as something first off the the stuff on the bullet casing seemed much like with the minneapolis shooter just these like shards from the internet that make no sense and are references to video games i don't even know how much stock you want to put in them what what does i would add this though if you're a normie conservative and you listen to to this young person 20 years old i believe that's how old he is say something like we don't like charlie kirk because he sold out on israel or you know charlie kirk is not one of us or something i could he that person could be forgiven for thinking that they're dealing with the leftist because they're still caught in that left-right coding of right is pro-israel uh left is anti-israel the right surely loves charlie kirk the left surely hates charlie kirk and it's actually become a lot more complicated among young kids so I would just say, in terms of the other narrative being pushed less successfully, I'm just not sure, actually. I'm not blocking it out of my mind that he might have graperish right-wing leanings. Okay. Okay.  Personally, I took a different direction. I have decided that I am convinced, 99%, and unless anything changes or we get new data, that he is not a griper, that he fundamentally approaches the murder from a left-wing perspective. The basis for this is as follows. In Mormon families, extreme conservatism, extreme abandonment also of people when they switch to the LGBT lifestyle. And we have testimony by his father and his family that he was coming to dinners and he was starting to complain against conservatism and racism.  So that to me, you know, the bullet casings, I'm just with you. I could could be a mislead. It could be shards from the Internet. It could be Internet culture. But going to your father, to your conservative Mormon father and taking a fight on racism and being against Charlie Kirk to me is not groperish.  The memes on the casings, they had a frame of reference that is left this deeply. I see a bulge with my eyes. Oh, whoa. What is this? That is the idea of, I don't even know if you have a penis, but I'm kind of attracted to you. Maybe you have a penis. Maybe it's not a penis. I don't know.  And that is a very gay thing. People have been literally labeling it as trench chasing specifically in terms of a meme. It's certainly gay. Certainly gay to be and certainly LGBT and gender blending.  We also have Lance Twiggs conflicts with his Mormon family. He has a telling on Reddit that he basically was in a too conservative family that didn't accept his lifestyle, that he was pushed out, that he was basically dropped under the bus by them, completely abandoned and unpersonified. And it was on the basis of his sex lifestyle and his purrydom and gayness.  So to me, that's enough material for me to conclude. The Griper scenario is unlikely unless new evidence emerge. And here is how I approach the Griper thing, though, because I don't think it's irrelevant. I believe that we have here extremely online brains, mimetic brains. They think in memes. They want to create a big meme. Now, from their leftist perspective, they also appreciate because they're high IQ, because we have here a super, super talented, high IQ genius and Tyler Robinson. They start thinking also from the side of the Jews, the right wingers, even the gripers. I wouldn't be surprised that they had enough internet culture to know Charlie Kirk is not only a target that would arrange things for us from our perspective, but there's other people, other communities out there that make him a bigger target than anyone. I believe they ended up selecting Charlie Kirk and having this project because they optimize in their head what is the biggest meme? What is it that could touch everyone?  And in a way, they saw through people like me. Because honestly, if you had told me one month ago, would Charlie Kirk be a good target for shooting if you want to create shock in society? I would have thought, no, he's not important. I didn't see him as important. And I didn't expect I would be so emotionally floored.  by his killing. And in a way, you can give credit to these kids, these genius kids on their internet and games and furrydom reddits. Somehow they felt that Charlie Kirk was going to touch the entire world in a way that would change things forever, perhaps radicalizing both sides, perhaps even to their disadvantage. But it was the biggest meme. It was the biggest even they could cause from their little Utah meaningless position. Obviously, the murder was convenient in the sense that it was a three-hour drive from where he was living in southern Utah. And so there's that, and that should be kept in mind. He didn't cross the country to kill Charlie Kirk.  But I do agree with what you're saying because it's an escalation in a way. Luigi murdering Brian Thompson, a CEO who was by no means a household name,  But it was a sort of escalation. You know, it wasn't, you know, going to protest UnitedHealth and then getting in a fight with the Proud Boys or something. That's like to 2017 or that just or, you know, at a Trump rally fighting with the Proud Boys or or throwing paint on the UnitedHealth headquarters in New York City or wherever it is. That's sort of been done. It's not that exciting. but adding the element of murder murdering someone who's unknown and thus the whole thing becomes even scarier you know like who's next uh they could get anyone anywhere anytime it was an escalation and that obviously became the meme of of late 2024 and in well into 2025 and it probably returned with the trial This also blowing away what is someone who's ultimately a podcaster and a kind of not even the most important. I don't know. Maybe he's.  Well, arguably not the most important propagandist of the Trump regime. It has a lot of the effects of the Luigi, the anywhere, anytime, anyhow. But it's also sort of meta political in the sense. So I agree with you. The other thing is that as people. Can see if they go back and listen to our earlier conversation, I was spinning out this theory, and I believe you were more or less agreeing with me, that in terms of direct action, violence, the left is more symbolic and is engaging in iconoclasm  Almost literally. And the right almost does low level violence. And look at some of these examples. So. Tearing down the statue in Charlottesville, Charlottesville was going about its business. It was doing fine. It was a prosperous town.  You could pursue gay rights in the legislature. You could have a gay parade or a BLM parade or all sorts of things. But no, there's that evil icon that's always there. And it's ubiquitous. That sort of makes it worse. Let's tear it down. That is iconography, I think, even in the minds of the people who did it. It's not even an interpretation. Brian Thompson, less well-known, still an icon of the billionaire class who are making money off the backs of the working poor, etc. Charlie Kirk, the poster boy of young MAGA-ism, someone who's going to clearly outlive Trump and do even worse deeds 20 or 30 years from now.  So it really was about the icon. It wasn't so much about him personally, and it wasn't about the fact that Antifa is going to randomly kill conservative white families who go to church or something. I don't think that's actually going to happen, as terrifying as that would be as an operation. It's about the icon. It's about killing Franz Ferdinand.  It's about killing the czar. And it's interesting because the response to it by the right has been asymmetrical in the sense that it's about there's some lawyer out there who isn't mourning Charlie Kirk. And we want to, in effect, kill her by getting her fired. Or we want to post some. I mean, Elon Musk responded to a tweet.  that had, I believe, zero likes, in fact, basically no engagement. And it only is in the public mind because of Elon Musk. So it's some just anonymous person who knows who in the hell this person is or what his or her motivations are. But you're going after them. You're fixating on the thing that isn't.  And so all this, you know, I'm reiterating some things that I said the other night. All of this does, in my book at least, in this sort of symbolic interpretation of what happened, I think it is on the side of this was a left-wing crime because the person who committed it thought in a left-wing way.  Absolutely. And I think it's structural for the right and the left. The right is meritocracy and individualism. So there are icons rising in the right. The left is the opposite. It's the destruction of the meritocracy and a collectivization. But the consequence is there's not much icons that would be equivalent to Charlie Kirk on the left that could balance out this action. There's nothing, really. It's true. There is not an elevation of personality on the left precisely because they are pushing for a collective advancement and therefore collective ideas. One more point I wanted to add to my argument that it is not Gruper-like. There is strong evidence that there were a lot of people knowing about this murder was going to happen within the day that preceded it. There are posts on the social media that I was able to verify. There are new ones discovered. There's about six posts that are out there on the Internet saying something big is going to happen tomorrow. And some of them are very explicit that it's about Charlie Kirk. And all these people were part of the LGBT, you know, they were either trans, non-binary, they all had features of LGBT activism on their profile. So that's one last point where I see leftism being a signature, and in fact a leftist conspiracy of start. There has been discussion, there has been a leak of this murder happening before we all knew it would happen.  It's very interesting. I was just reminded of this. I was talking about this with someone offline, just the the kind of. Sacredness, I'm thinking back to a book I had not read in a few years, so.  if I get some details wrong, forgive me, but it's Jonathan Haidt's book on the righteous mind. And he actually made a lot of interesting arguments in there. But one of them that I've remembered is that the left is strong in terms of these personality factors, which are largely heritable. The left is stronger in, you could say, egalitarian fairness and so on. So the idea that like,  a homeless man didn't get a job in McDonald's because he has a criminal record. That bothers them more than it would bother a conservative. On the other hand, the conservatives have a sort of of fetishization and i say that objectively i'm not demeaning it of icons and and etc of the notion of a girl losing her virginity really gets at them uh trampling on the flag you and i who are autistic and rational it's just like well okay i mean that's a form of speech it's kind of art when you think about it no no no no no the conservative they want you want  It's like worse than murder in a way because it's so sacred. And I was thinking through this just to piggyback on what we were saying earlier is that maybe the Antifa, you could say is a kind of like anti-rightist on some level because they want to take down the sacred. Like they wanna go, or maybe they even understand the conservative on some level, like what's gonna really get under his skin? Like, could we talk about gay rights at the city council meeting? No, no, they won't even notice that. Burn a flag, woo, we got them. And so they go after the sacred. And I do think Charlie Kirk was in his way sacred to these conservatives.  Because not to me, because I'm a different type of person. I don't have conservative brain, but he's good. He's not too smart. He's not dumb, but he's not too smart. So he's not going to manipulate you or anything. He's a straight shooter. He's got a wife. He's got kids. He constantly talks about God and the Bible and  doing good. Even that notion that he's like a free speech advocate is like, we all want a prosperous America together. He sort of assumes this benign, gooey intention among liberals and wants to talk to them. So he's a good guy. And in that sense, I think he is a lot like what they think Jesus was. Now, Jesus in the Gospels is different, but the conservative Jesus would be like...  talking about tax cuts and you know like self-defense and um you know following the law Jesus in the book of John maybe is almost the opposite of that, but that's sort of how conservatives imagine him to be. It's Jesus-like in the sense that you're just inherently benign. And the fact that the left killed Jesus in this way, I think is extremely powerful. And it is in their heads that  in a way that, like, randomly shooting a Republican wouldn't be. Like, this was bigger. They... And maybe this... Tyler Robinson, because he came from a conservative family, was able to intuit this in some way. But, yeah, you're right. It does... I'm even... After talking with you, I'm even more convinced that this was a left-wing crime, to be honest. And it is...  it is really brilliantly designed to mindfuck conservatives and attack them.  Exactly. Absolutely. And I think what you mentioned about the attack on a symbol, I think it's what the left can do because the symbols are there to maintain the kind of virtual hierarchy of the world. You know, we elevate Charlie Kirk. He's your better. You should follow him. He's a leader.  And these signals are very important to conservatives. And the people at the bottom who identify with the left, they want to mess with those signals because they don't see a Charlie Kirk as a better something to follow like Jesus. They see him as someone who got away with too much success and he should share.  Totally. The other prong of this argument is the sort of Ian Carroll right wing, let's say, which is that we know Israel did this because Charlie Kirk... was secretly based or he was about to turn against the jews or israel at the very least because of the america first principles that he cared about and bibby was aware of this and just you know nipped that in the bud and that's why they killed him Of all that we've seen in this since the murder of Charlie Kirk, this is the most touching thing to me in terms of the failures of the media. Jan Carroll just absolute fail. His biggest fail in his career was to just come out within hours.  and say, Israel, you better stop doing this. We know you. And no, no, no, we don't quite know. I think that the current state of the investigation is there certainly is a radicalization effect that went on to Tyler Robinson. And I want to know everything about it. I want to know who were his internet contacts, who gave him the IDs, who gave him the gun.  And I want to know the involvement of the trans roommate. Maybe in there, there will be Jews. Maybe in there, there will be pro-Israeli people or agents or Mossad. We're not there. We don't know that. So it's not the right time to affirm this. What we have learned as breaking news this afternoon, Charlie Kirk's shooter refuses to confess or cooperate with the authorities. Tyler Robinson is claiming that he is not the shooter and he does not cooperate.  That may indicate many things. It could indicate that he's trying to set up or perhaps thinks he can set up a defense of, I'm a patsy, I've been used, I've been placed at the wrong place to make you believe all these things, but I didn't do it. Or it's possible that just as a radical, he knows that there's nothing he can do to save himself, and he doesn't want to tint the reputation of his accomplices, so he decides to shut up. But it seems that we're going to get nothing from him. Yeah, you could plead guilty if you want to save people who are accomplices, because then there wouldn't be a trial. Yeah. And the thing about a trial is massive, incredible amounts of discovery, you know, thousands of pages, terabytes of data. And that could really muddy the waters.  You know, in terms of truth-seeking and falsehoods as well. Like, you know, his old friend from high school might have called him five minutes before the event, and then suddenly he's implicated or something, even though he was asking how he was doing. I mean, to plead guilty would be the way to save everyone around him, because then there's no trial. That's true. So I... Let's...  Okay, let me back up really quick and then we'll go into Robinson. So I'll offer a one, I'll just say a few things about Israel and I don't have any evidence for this. I'm simply observing things and trying to think in the way that I would think if I were a Jewish Zionist. so i don't think they kill i i this whole this notion that charlie kirk was secretly based and was like about to turn is is a way a gentile would think actually and that's why that's incorrect um Israel has been involved in bizarre plots beyond Ian Fleming's imagination in order to attack enemies. So first off, I don't think we can really put it past them after the pager attack event, which involved a sort of... Not just a pager attack. They gave a copy of the pager to Trump. That I cannot believe. A golden pager to Trump as a threat.  Yeah, exactly. He's like, should I wear this? A golden bager. OK, so there's there's that just as background. I don't I think it's it is correct that Charlie Kirk, unlike Ben Shapiro, was tolerating more anti-Zionist discussion. And there were gripers in and around TP USA. And maybe they want to just put the kibosh on that and replace Charlie Kirk with someone like Ben Shapiro, who's going to be hard line in the issue and the Gripers are going to be allergic to it. Perhaps this is sort of how I would think about it. What?  What has happened to Charlie Kirk? Is Charlie Kirk now a forgotten person? Or is Charlie Kirk bigger than he ever could have been in life? And obviously the latter is the case. They have martyred Charlie Kirk. They have turned him into an icon. And it is very easy to play back...  Audio and video of Charlie Kirk saying things like there is no Palestine. There is only Samaria and Judea. I am on the side of the West and I want to go to Israel to walk in the land where Jesus is.  raised, wrote, raised himself from the dead and walked on water and fed the hungry. Like they, they can easily turn him into an icon. And this has been done in, in rather clumsy fashion with all this AI nonsense that's coming out of Israel. And, you know, maybe they want to pin this on the Groy first. We'll see. We'll see about that last one.  But that that would function in in that kind of dynamic. It's not that they feared Charlie Kirk. And I don't think they should have feared Charlie Kirk. I think Charlie Kirk would ultimately be loyal to Trump and ultimately be loyal to Israel. It's that they wanted to create a kind of Zionist Christian icon out of him.  They wanted to martyr him. There's two sides to the martyr. There's the scapegoat side of putting your sins on Azazel and pushing him off into the wilderness. There's also the martyr like Jesus Christ, who is both the sacrificial lamb, but also the way, the truth and the light, the hero that you deserve and so on. So I... From a theoretical symbolic level, the idea that foul play was involved in this and that this is a psychological operation is something that I don't put off the table. But as you say, the Suleiman, whatever the hell his name is, Ian Carroll types, Just asserting with zero evidence that this was Israel is absurd and is why you can't take them seriously. Even if they might even be right, you can't take them seriously because they concluded that in a knee-jerk, ridiculous fashion. And if they're right, it's due to luck or prejudice. It is not due to examining the evidence and thinking through things.  Your characterization of Charlie Kirk is not secretly based. Actually, I hesitate on this. I'm on the fence. Because the evidence goes as follows. PBD podcast appearance. Charlie Kirk says, I have to check my words, but Israel basically wants to ethnically cleanse Gaza. To say this in the mainstream conservative discourse is somewhat revolutionary. without being a canceled man and while being sponsored by the Jews, it's very rare that we hear something like this. Charlie Kirk made a focus group in which he was preparing a new document for the direction of DPUSA on Israel in the next years. He invited young men from his organization and he engaged with them in front of camera saying, what do you think about Israel? Should we care about it? Should we be neutral? Should we care less? Do you want to hear less, more about it? So he was clearly trying, you know, when you do a study group, it's because you know where you're headed, but you just want to justify it with evidence. And so it's this organization, institutional thing. I have gathered evidence, therefore now I can act. Clearly, Charlie Kirk was headed in a direction that wasn't pleasing to Israel. We have in May, he meets with Bibi Netanyahu and he meets with Trump and he is against the strikes in Iran and he tries to push against the strikes in Iran and Trump barks back at him and says, basically, I don't want to listen to you. Go out. I don't want to talk about this. And at the same time, Bibi Netanyahu makes an offer for sponsorship of TPUSA, and the offer is declined by Charlie Kirk. So there was something that Israel was demanding that Charlie Kirk felt the future of the conservative movement cannot be sold.  Do we have evidence for that, or is that just Blumenthal? Absolutely, I can pull the articles. Well, that's a Grayzone article I have a difficult time taking seriously. Is that just Blumenthal asserting something? Let me try finding it again. Let me try finding it again. But just to add my last argument to this line, Charlie Kirk also appearing on Megyn Kelly and complaining about Jewish extortion, receiving messages from Jewish friends saying, you're not with us anymore. Megyn Kelly is not with us anymore. To me, that's enough evidence to say, and this is just proper quibono analysis. It's not evidence to say Israel did it. But we certainly must be realistic and say Israel had a chip in that game. And it mattered enough not only that they could have done something, but that a very intelligent person like Tyler Robinson could have foreseen that Charlie Kirk was an interesting prey given his current positioning with Israel. Why don't you search for the article? I'm actually going to bolster your point here. This is a woman named Daniela Bloom from the Times of Israel. To my fellow patriot Charlie, what are you doing?  Watching the focus group unfold was gut-riching. The segment didn't resemble a balanced discussion. It resembled a set-up.  a slow-burning dog whistle of insinuation and balance and omission. You know the difference between good faith critiques and coded antisemitism. When people obsess over AIPAC while ignoring Qatar, China, Saudi Arabia, okay, what about-ism, the UN, okay, on powerful domestic lobbies like Big Pharma and the teachers, okay, that's not objectivity.  So apparently you can't talk about anything without mentioning the teacher's union. Like, I can't complain about garbage delivery without, like, to be good faith here, the teacher's union is also bad. Or, you know, like, it's absurd argument. This is Hasbara. That's targeting. Yes, the term anti-Semitism is sometimes overused.  But that doesn't mean it isn't real. That isn't rising. The true threat you barely touched. It took till minute 1921 of the approximately 20 minute discussion before anyone even mentioned radical Islam. Okay. She wants the 2000s back, basically, when this was what the right wing was obsessed with. Go on.  I ended up finding the articles. It was from the National File quoting the gray zone. So you're right. It all stemmed from the gray zone journalistic claim to start with. Russian propaganda.  That being said, I mean, even skipping this, forget that it even happened. We still have all the evidence I've listed. And we have definitely, we have tweets of Laura Loomer that they were turning against Charlie Kirk within a month before his death. They were starting to talk about him and they were starting to dissociate. So to me, that's enough to say...  Israel was not agnostic as to their interest in the existence of Charlie Kirk. Think of it whatever way you want. Maybe they liked him. Maybe they still liked him and didn't want to kill him. Maybe they hated him. Maybe they needed to martyr him in the nick of time.  Exactly. But also consider that when we're talking about potential Jewish involvement in all this, we're not just talking about official channels, Netanyahu wanting Charlie Kirk dead. We're talking about all of the bizaroids and the gender freaks at the bottom. some of them literally just psychotic people just interpreting all the evidence on the public and saying i need to kill charlie kirk that is a low bar for for some involvement in in this israel charlie kirk confrontation to play ultimately in his assassination yes  Let me... I'm going to play a video here. I want to go... a little tinfoil-y, I guess, if you want to say that, and start to look into some of the just odd things about this whole event. And I want to play a five-minute video that I found that really sums up where we are very clearly, just to make sure that we're all on the same page.  And some people might need a refresher on what's happened. So this is just a, it's an alternative media account, but it's actually a very mainstream narrative.  On Wednesday, September 10th, Charlie Kirk was murdered in broad daylight. He was a prominent right-wing political figure in the US and had just started a new campus tour. His first stop was at Utah Valley University in Orem. He left behind a wife and two children. Immediately after his assassination, the hunt for his killer began. Now, authorities have identified a suspect. This is how he was caught.  If you read this, you are gay, L-M-A-O. Capital O-W-O, what's this question mark?  For an initial mapping of the video, check out Hov's video. Link is in the description. Kirk got into politics really young and started Turning Point USA when he was just 18. The organization is committed to promoting right-wing views in schools and universities. Kirk reached millions through social media and his podcast. He toured colleges to debate students and had become a close Trump ally. He is said to have played an important role in Trump's reelection. Phone footage from the event shows the likely shooter on a roof about 430 feet or 130 meters away from Kirk's tent. He seems to be in a prone position. Kirk is engaging in a discussion with a student. How many mass shooters there have been in America over the last 10 years? Before the student can respond, the shooter fires a single shot.  Kirk is hit in the neck and rushed to Timpanogos Regional Hospital immediately after. In footage from the event, a person dressed in black can be seen sprinting off the same roof after a shot was fired. According to authorities, he ran back here and jumped down here. Shortly after, the authorities released photos of the suspect and a video where he can be seen climbing off the roof and running off into the surrounding neighborhood. The FBI offers a $100,000 reward for leads. At this point, a manhunt of tremendous scale is unfolding. Heavily armed officers are at the scene.  Authorities confirm that they found a high-powered bolt-action rifle in a wooded area. Increasingly, the FBI is under pressure. Two suspects are brought into custody but released shortly after. 24 hours pass and no one has been caught.  Meanwhile, the suspect, Tyler Robinson, seems to have told a family member that he shot Kirk. The family member is believed to be Robinson's father, a veteran law enforcement officer. Robinson grew up in Washington, Utah, about three hours away from the university. The father reportedly told a family friend, who in turn informed the authorities.  Robinson turned himself in late Thursday evening in St. George, about 250 miles or 400 kilometers from Utah Valley University. Robinson's roommate reportedly showed Discord messages to investigators. According to CNN, the messages included Robinson stating a need to retrieve a rifle from a drop point, leaving the rifle in a bush, visually watching the area where a rifle was left, reference to having left the rifle wrapped in a towel, reference to engraving bullets and the rifle being unique, mention of Robinson changing outfits.  Trump makes the capture public on Fox and Friends. Looking real good. They have the person that they wanted. Next, Utah's governor steps in front of cameras Friday morning. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We got him. Investigators interviewed a family member of Robinson who stated that Robinson had become more political in recent years. The family member referenced a recent incident in which Robinson came to dinner prior to September 10th, and in the conversation with another family member, Robinson mentioned Charlie Kirk was coming to UVU. They talked about why they didn't like him and the viewpoints that he had. The family member also stated Kirk was full of hate and spreading hate. Robinson is said to have engraved phrases such as Hey Fascist, Catch and Bella Ciao on cartridges found with his rifle. Bella Ciao is most likely a reference to the Italian World War II anti-fascist anthem. On the Hey Fascist Catch, symbols are engraved as such, likely a reference to a controller sequence that releases a bomb in the game Helldivers. In addition... Inscriptions on a fired casing read, Notices Bulges, capital O-W-O, what's this question mark? Notices Bulge, O-W-O, what's this, is a trolling meme. On a fourth bullet, according to Cox, it said... If you read this, you are gay, L-M-A-O. Amid such a heated political atmosphere, this press conference is bound to reverberate across the U.S. In a statement prior to the capture of Robinson, President Trump had blamed the rhetoric of the radical left for violence such as this shooting. For years, those on the radical left have compared wonderful Americans like Charlie to Nazis and the world's worst mass murderers and criminals. This kind of rhetoric is directly responsible for the terrorism that we're seeing in our country today, and it must stop right now.  Cox, on the other hand, said this. We can return violence with violence. We can return hate with hate. And that's the problem with political violence is it metastasizes because we can always point the finger at the other side. And at some point, we have to find an off ramp or it's going to get much, much worse. The allegations against Robinson have not yet been proven before a court. Reporting like this is very resource intensive. It's made possible by our commercial partners. He's just advertising himself.  Um, so. A. A couple of things. And I have the probable cause affidavit. I could read from that, but let me just. Mention a couple of things and you can correct me and and then I think it's worth going into a psychological profile about what we know about Robinson, but.  There are photographs of him limping, supposedly limping. His gait is odd. Now, one explanation for that would be that he's carrying a long rifle in his pants. The problem here is that this Mauser would have a four-foot barrel and would actually be quite difficult to assemble and dissemble without tools. So it's sort of a little bit questionable. That's what that limp implies, but it's a little bit questionable. He doesn't have the limp when he's jumping off the roof. Now,  That's important. When he's jumping off the roof, where's the gun? The gun was not found on the rooftop perch. The gun was found in a wooded area a little bit of ways away from campus.  with all of this kind of stuff. And then there's, as that video relays, that he was checking on the wooded area. Leaving the gun there and sprinting off and getting into a car and you're in Mexico in a few hours or on a plane or something, that would be indicative of a highly professional job, some sort of disguise.  jumping off the roof of this building that you're on. He doesn't have the gun when he's doing that. Why are you taking it somewhere where it can also be found? Surely there's going to be a sweep of the area. You're just moving the gun from that spot somewhere else. It doesn't  It doesn't quite make sense. Now, if he were carrying the gun in his pants, that is possible. But from what I have heard from watching a lot of videos from... heavily tattooed former Green Beret Gen X right wing gun nuts, is that that gun is too big to do that. There's another element which was mentioned, which is the Mauser is a type of gun that you can buy at Walmart on the cheap. We have all of these images Taken from the social media of Tyler Robinson's family of Tyler engaging in with ARs and really powerful stuff. Why are you using the Walmart gun, the cheapo gun, as opposed to something bigger?  It's just a question. It could be answered, but it's just a question. Secondly, it's very clear in the reporting on this, which is that his father said that he seemed to imply that he had done this. There are also some curious things that have been reported in the New York Times. I'll just share this really quick. Okay, let me find the New York Times article.  While you find this, I will deliver my thoughts on these. Yeah, go ahead. So having read the probable cause affidavit, I believe that what the police believes is that he was limping because carrying the gun, maybe in some unmounted form, but he was limping when he went. And it took about 20 minutes for the whole walk from the street to eventually the site of the shooting. And he's limping there.  Now, when he comes back, he's not limping. And so their suggestion is the limping was due to the carrying of the gun, and he wasn't limping in the second video when they see him come back after the shooting because he had dropped the gun in the wooded area. Overall, I collect everything that you say, and I think it gives me the idea that perhaps Tyler Robinson thought he could get away with it. Perhaps he still thinks he can get away with it. If you're not going to get away with it, well, first, the buying of the Walmart gun. Of course, that would be because you don't want a gun that is registered in your name. So maybe it's much easier to get that Walmart gun from an illegal source. So it's what he could get. That's what he went for.  If he goes with the ones that are registered to his father, then there's no chance. The fact that he took the casings away, he took the casings and the gun away from the roof. And all that there was left on the roof after he was done was traces, traces of the casing in the kind of granite, a broken rock of the roof. But he took everything in a way that suggests he thought he could get away with it, clean up, and perhaps even carry the weapon outside of the site. He gave up that plan somewhere in the wood, perhaps, realized that it was too hard to carry the gun, that it would be exposed, it would be seen, and decided to leave it there. That was the first breach of his plan, perhaps. If he had the intent of getting away with it fully in a fully clean way, but things changed there. so that's where he gets rid of the gun and noticeably it's where his friends are starting to get some feedback of him on discord those were high school friends that were about 20 on the discord where he starts saying oh i have a doppelganger that may have left a gun in the woods my doppelganger is is causing trouble for me so those are veiled ways of saying it's me and people were celebrating in that discord what what Tyler did it Tyler did that shooting wow  So that was what was happening, and it was all after the realization, I can't get away with it. There's going to be a gun left in the woods that would probably trace back, perhaps to me, or perhaps to even worse than me, the co-conspirators that didn't want to get in trouble. And I will note also that a screwdriver has been found at that site. So there was unmounting of the gun, or at least planning of it.  I'm sorry. This is what I was trying to reference. I got the wrong New York times article. Um, but yes, uh,  So this is the jokey stuff that was going on in the Discord. Whatever you do, don't go to a McDonald's anytime soon. A reference to the arrest of Luigi Mangione, who was founded at a McDonald's restaurant. Mr. Robinson agreed and offered a supposed joke of his own, writing, better also get rid of this manifesto and exact copy rifle I have lying around. Keep in mind, there's no manifesto.  which is, or at least none has been released, which is interesting. When another user suggested that the killing of Mr. Kirk would leave President Trump to send the National Guard to Utah, the suspect replied, in a red state? Nah, clearly. The shooter was from California. Interesting. He's denying it to this chat.  He's claiming that everything he said is just a joke. Yeah, he's saying jokingly a conservative would immediately think that the shooter must be from California. Yeah. Around the time, several news outlets reported the ammunition found near a rifle at the scene, including engravings referencing transgender ideology. The truth ultimately was the engravings included the phrase, hey, fascist catch, as well as lyrics from an anti-fascist Italian folk song.  in a reference to a sexual meme about a bulge. But the time before the exact phrasing of the engravings was publicly known, the suspect sent messages that suggested he was closely following the news. I heard the ammo had something about trans stuff on it, but they aren't releasing photos or exact quotes, he wrote, he added. And also the claim wasn't backed by the official FBI, just some dude in the briefing room. I'm just going to...  Okay, Brian Koberger also followed the details of his case and news alerts. Yeah, Unterweger, I mentioned them, this now obscure 20th century serial killer who was a consultant with the police on murders that he did. I mean, kind of an unbelievable story. None of this, this could be the actions of a complete psychopath. are there other possibilities that are suggested by the fact that he's pleading not guilty and that he is at least ostensibly denying it on these chat discords? And also the use of language, which I've noticed, which is that his father felt that his son implied that he did it.  Well, I think that he's headed for, he has something in mind. He thinks he can get away with it with clever, smart, what will be his defense will have to wait. Something like a patsy case, something like a manipulation case. I will say going into very deep into the psychology of this guy.  I think there is definitely manipulation going on. I think he was a super high artist, high genius, but without any moral guidance. Imagine a super nihilist, very high intelligence at the national level and the top of the class nationally. We're talking about someone who had basically was like a Terminator. He had very high intelligence, very high capacity to execute. But he was educated by his mother to always follow the guidance of the rewards given by his mother. His mother was saying, isn't it great how you've been accepted at the university? I want to see you celebrate. Woo-hoo! There was this kind of pressure for him not to be that autistic and to be more normal in his celebration. And what I see ultimately is that this has converted into a system of I need to serve, I need to protect, I need to serve whatever females find good around me. And eventually this got recruited by a trans element or LGBT extremist element of some sort that led him to be, okay, I'm the one to execute this because I got the brains, I got the geniuses. I don't think he's an evil psychopath deep inside. I think deep inside he's a servant and an easy to manipulate brain. Interesting. Let me show some photos here. This is...  This one has really struck me. So this is a photo of Tyler Robinson with his father at a restaurant. Now, some people have said that this is like, what is it, the two percenter or three percenter, I can't remember, type garb. I don't know. Yeah. Well, it's kind of like a far right garb. Or, you know, super conservative, I should, you know, should say group and the kind of like black T-shirt with a flag. Basically, like half of the male population of Montana is like.  You know what I mean? They always wear jeans, a hat. You wouldn't find the next shooter. Right. Everyone is guilty in a way. Yeah. You would blend in. But yeah. And the like black vaguely threatening like constitutionalism, like we the people, these colors don't run, you know, Second Amendment shall not be infringed, all that kind of stuff.  Do what I notice here? Now, obviously, he's nerdier than his father. His father looks like a guy. He has a law enforcement background, but he looks like the guy you'd meet. He's a mechanic or a contractor or something like that. He works with his hands. He's salt of the earth type. But the only thing I would say about this is that I don't read this as a young person who hates his father. And the fact that they're both wearing hats while in a restaurant, which you should not do, that's rude, but that's the way they do things in southern Utah and Montana and so on. In an Asian restaurant. In an Asian restaurant, right, yes.  He he has his sunglasses on the bill of his cap. Don't you think this is someone who's mimic mirroring his father? Exactly. And now you could take that in two different ways. You could take that as he is extremely well adjusted and looks up to his father and so on.  Or if you want to go fully dark, you could take that. This is a psychopath who is hiding behind a mask and only knows how to mimic other people. There's no, in fact, empathy. There's simply mimicry and manipulation.  Well, I have a third one, which is the modern way in which we treat young people with autism. Because at this level of grades, you're not going to convince me that this guy is not Asperger. For sure, he is. You cannot be at 99% nationally and not have some form of autism.  This guy is just like me. He's an artist, but he was put in a modern scenario in which he was pressured all of his life to mask. This is the actual recommended way to train young artist kids. Mask with actual normie reactions, mask with imitation, mask with mimicry.  basically look like normal people. And this imposes a huge cognitive load, but I'm sure it's what he's doing. I'm sure it's what he's doing when he goes to the university, despite not wanting to. He doesn't want to go to the university, but he got the grant, he got the award, and his mom is pressuring.  So he goes with his mom. Now he does the same with his father, follows his path, goes to electricity studies so he can work in contract house building with him. This guy has no internal guidance, no decision making capabilities. He is like the Terminator without a primary objective. A fascinating interpretation.  And someone on the chat who says Jeff is now a psychologist. Guess what? I'm a psychologist. I have studied at Duke University after my doctorate in cognitive psychology, neuropsychology, including human subjects and monkey subjects. Hmm.  Just real quick body language here. He's leaning into his mom as they take a photo. That is social pleasing. He's adjusting to his mom demand for pictures. I know how it feels when you're an artist and your mom wants to take pictures. This guy is annoyed deep inside, but he's learned to mask it. Interesting. uh this is also the fact i mean this is certainly evidence for the fact that he is capable of the hit uh you know as an amateur or something looking at all this it did strike me as a professional job i've heard from many other people that it it could have been done a 400 foot shot could have been done by someone who is well-versed in firearms, but not necessarily a military operative or professional hitman or something like that. Then we can talk about the aspects of the bullet, which was asked of us by a member of the chat. Or were you headed elsewhere? No, no. I think this is a good time because I want to get into details. And then I want to look at another theory of how he was shot. But I think actually Cuck Murphy, if you're still there, this is the time to chime in. I presume this is a reference to Jack Murphy. Yeah.  Yeah, I wanted to talk about the bullet. The bullet that he got shot with was so powerful that it completely... If it would have hit him in the neck with any modern round, it would have...  it would have completely probably severed his head off. Um, now if he was trying to turn Charlie Kirk into a meme, um,  this would have been the bullet to do it. He would have used a varmint round and he would have blown his Asperger skull right off. I think that that's what he, if that, if that was the bullet he was using, but to me though, um, it did, it didn't seem like a 30 odd six at all. I think that in fact, I think the bullet that was used was, um,  I think that a 12-inch AR,  with a 77 grain Sierra match King. And I think he was shot from behind. And I think that the, where the bullet came out was through his neck in the front. And I think he got hit in the brainstem. I think it actually was a perfect shot. I haven't heard anyone talk about this. Let me ask you some, well, there have been some, I knew this was going to happen. Sorry, I might, this happens every once in a while.  microphone. Let's see if I can just hang it right there. All right, that's fine. I'll fix it later. There have been some people talking about this. Now,  The exit wound, in most all cases, is going to be far larger than the entry wound on anything. The bullet is going at top speed when it, say, enters flesh. It's going to roll around, change direction when it goes through a body, and is going to come out bigger. Would you agree with that assessment? Yeah, 100%. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. and the reason why the reason why i said that though is because a the the exit wound at least on the front if that was the exit wound and that was a 77 grain uh five five six round that's about what it would look like uh it because i think the image of his blood just pouring out of his neck that does that look like an exit wound to you  For a 77 grain 5.56, yeah, it could. There are some times with 5.56 that the exit wound with the heavier grains like 62 and 77 and 75, you can't even see it some of the times. That's how small it is.  Wow. Yeah. But the thing is, is I think it was a perfect shot. And I think that he got hit in the brainstem. And I don't know if anyone knows anything about this sniper. The best ideal sniper shot you can get is actually to the back of the head, to the brainstem. And I think it was coming down on an angle and exited the front. So whenever you see that exit in the front, the reason why it was doing that, the bullet was yawing. at that time so cooperative to this would be his his hand motion because i i it looks to me like he's having it it didn't just like hit him in the neck or something it looks to me like he's having a catastrophic nervous system breakdown exactly exactly 100 and that and no one else has talked about this people are saying that the the thing in the front was an entrance route wound  Or there was body armor being wear. But you can see his nipples poking through his T-shirt. If you just if you type in Charlie Kirk nipple on Twitter, you guys can see his nipples are poking through the thing. just look at this image right here actually like he's look i wore i wore a kevlar vest when i gave speeches not not the first time or the second time a little bit later on and uh yeah that he's not wearing a vest right here or an armored plate or something that would create a an effect of um that's what one thing they said is that he was hit in the chest they shot to the center of body mass and it like ricocheted up first off the the the bullet is coming like if it's hard to say this the bullet is coming on his left  Charlie Kirk's left as he's facing outwards. So the idea of that popping up into his neck also seems highly unlikely. But this is the other thing that a lot of people are talking about. And I also find this highly suspicious. I know I'm like falling into these rabbit holes that I was criticizing about COVID, but...  Anyway, just watch this. Counting or not counting gang violence. Great. Okay. And that, the way his head falls supports the idea that if you're Charlie and you're facing out, it came from your... back behind you on the right side like so he would on a clock it would be like four o'clock position maybe something around that four o'clock uh five o'clock ish yeah four if he's facing outward it would be four four thirty yeah okay yes and then his head goes that way and the thing is is you could put a low power variable optic on a ar-15 400 bucks from palmetto palmetto state armory 77 grain and you could throw that in a backpack and you could you could if you sight it in at 100 yards with that ammunition at 150 or 140 it should only have about an inch and a half of drop so it's really not that hard of a shot Now, when you have adrenaline and everything, and it's not a paper target anymore, obviously it's more. But from what I'm seeing is there had to have been someone else taking the shot or that's not the weapon or something like that. Because the bullet that we're seeing exit, it looks like a yawing 5-5-6 round that hit his brainstem or maybe the base of his skull and then turned sideways and then keyhole through his head. throat and that's why you see that blood spray like that um i haven't really seen anything that because like the other thing is people are saying well we kind of have to go uh with the is it the 30-06 or is it a different rifle if it's a different rifle it's probably what i said but if it's the 30-06 i really don't know what  What the scenario would be for that effect to have taken place. And even I think that me and you might have watched the same stream of the guy.  Yeah, Valhalla and the other guy. Then I watched the other guy again today. He still thinks that there might be a chance that he had some kind of weird plate carrier on, but it still doesn't make any sense. Valhalla seemed to just dismiss the notion that he had a ceramic plate underneath his shirt. And the other thing is they were all focusing on this, and these are guys who have shot these guns at people.  Right. At least they claim to it. And the other thing that I thought was that if there were a bullet coming from up on high, you know, it's obviously it's like pushing air away from the bullet, creating a vacuum. And so like a some sort of radiation wave would like make his T-shirt ruffle.  But they said no on that notion. And that's correct. You might be able to have something with it where it's going 4,000 feet per second, but it wouldn't hurt anyone. It would just cause your shirt to move a little bit. It wouldn't be anything. What Valhalla said was right. And if that's not the gun, we have to think of what the scenario actually is. We kind of have to guess. and i i just i i really have no idea if that is the gun because if that is the gun did it hit the hit the ground and bounce up and hit them i mean like i really have no idea and and they didn't either this is something okay i'll go ahead richard well i was going to play another video you can you can jump in first jeff  Okay. Well, I'd like to lay out an answer for the mainstream view, kind of. And the fact that, yes, it's possible that this came from a .30-06 rifle just entering through the point that we see it bleeding. And first, I want to say I have fired higher powered rifle than this. My favorite rifle when I was in the U.S. Of course, I don't have guns anymore. I'm back in Canada.  But when I was in the U.S., it was the .358 Winchester round. More power than what is claimed for this gun. And these bullets can do very clean entry and exit on gels and on trees even. I was surprised at how little damage these bullets can do on a tree. How much damage, in your experience, do they do to a human target?  Oh, to a human target. Or deer. I have never tried.  Never tried. But it's very impressive, and it's based on the softness of the tissue being penetrated and how much it has a free trajectory to continue. A lot of the damage that we assume are caused by the ballistics are actually caused by the breaking of the ballistics. As long as the ballistics has a path in soft tissue to go out, there is much less of an impact in the site. So what I believe could be true here, the bullet penetrated right at the carotid artery neck level, almost shoulder level, but just up. And those are not places where you have many bones. You have a lot of bones here, but they're ribs, and so they're very spaced out. And then when you arrive at the neck, it's really just what connects your shoulder to the center of the neck and the spinal cord. So lots of soft tissue in that region. Now, I want to say the exit wound, we will know when we have the report of the medical lookup onto Charlie. But I believe there might very well be an exit wound. It's just that we're not seeing it. We'll learn about it later. Certainly, the bullet, if the entry point is at the forefront, the bullet is in a place where there's soft tissue. There's nothing to stop it. Maybe a piece of homoplata linking to the neck in the back, but maybe also free path.  toward the back and toward an exit point. So I'm not surprised that we don't have a big explosion of the head necessarily, because that would require a collision with bone structure or not soft tissue of some sort. If there's no collision, the bullet passed through completely. The bullet may also have been arrested by a bone, and there may be lots of damage inside, but the  The explosion of the head or the neck is not guaranteed. If there's enough of a clean entry that the damage remains internal, it could have totally worked in my view. Now, one last point on the reaction of Charlie.  Charlie immediately falling unconscious. I have seen this in UFC. So you don't need to receive a bullet to fall like this. What I will say first is he feels pain. He feels pain that is directional in nature. So when he wears that way, you don't necessarily have to interpret it as he got hit by a bullet that pushed him that way. You can interpret it as he felt something and had a reaction. Within 200 milliseconds is the time by which the brain will detect the pain and then react with an action. So perhaps it was a protective action, an early protective action to say, how can I get rid of that pain? What just happened? Also, another note, the amount of blood that suddenly we see being just diverse, like it's being dropped on the floor. This is an important amount of blood that will impact instantaneously the pressure in the brain.  Never forget the brain is the consistency of jello. So you have jello in this box of bones. And when you get hit in the UFC, just the shaking of that jello will determine the damage and how fast you fall unconscious. If there's lots of shaking, you may have a concussion. But there is another way than being punched on the face or kicked in the face for that shaking to occur. If there is a sudden drop of pressure, the brain...  the brain compresses onto itself, and it's a shake of its own. It's an acceleration of its own. We don't have much science being done on this, but I am pretty sure that the brain is shook as much as it is in a punch when you deprive it suddenly of a source of pressure, like the carotid artery. Because the volume of blood that instantly within 500 milliseconds came out of Charlie...  That is a lot of pressure. If you add it into a single artery and you push the brain with this, that gives you an idea of why the brain, when I open craniums, you know, the brain, if you let the brain pop out, it will grow out of the cranium.  The brain pushes outward because there's lots of pressure. The only thing that contains all of this is your cranium. Now, drop that pressure, the brain collapses onto its own. It might just be a shock, but it's a shock enough to make someone unconscious, in my view. So I don't necessarily know that we will have brainstem or spinal cord damage in the medical report. I can't wait to see it.  Maybe we did. Maybe the bullet, even in its forefront entry point, could have touched a little bit of the spinal cord and through the shockwave certainly could have broken it or damaged it. But I'm not sure of it because I think the pressure itself may be enough to explain the unconsciousness. I'm going to show that... Oh, go on. Go on. Continue, Murphy.  Yeah, Jay, where are you saying that the entrance wound was? I'm just wondering for your mainstream theory. The one that films Charlie Kirk from the front, you see a red circle. The first red circle that we see appear on his neck, that would be the entry point. On the right side, where the blood sprays out? Exactly where the blood sprays out. On his left side, yes. Okay. No, I was just wondering...  Let me play this. Maybe this is irresponsible to... No, I don't think it is. I have these questions as well. We're going to talk about the location of the shooter. This is just an intro in this video. This demonstrates the existence of what is being called an iPhone gun. It's a small caliber weapon that I'll just show a little... allowing you to blend into public spaces without drawing attention but in case of danger a quick transformation unfolds it into a 380 acp two-shot derringer pistol its hammerless firing system ensures easy use and added safety now before okay um this will be important a little bit later um let me go down here um okay  Oops. And now the next thing I want to show is the targets. And I believe this target was at three yards. So about nine feet away, which would have been the basically the distance of the shooter from Charlie Kirk, give or take. And now the next thing I want to point out is the actual firearm, the barrel itself. It can hold two shots. So everybody's talking about somebody in the crowd might have taken a second shot. I think he hit him with the first shot. But just to give you guys an idea of the barrel size. Now, the next thing I want to talk about is the man that we believe was potentially firing off around right next to Charlie Kirk. And if we zoom right in here, we take a look at his waistband. There's definitely something there. Again, to anybody saying that this is not the gun, I am not saying that this is what shot Carter Kirk. What I am saying is there is CCTV footage of every square inch of that campus. Why are they not releasing it? They could put all of this to rest very quickly. Show us this man getting out of the roof. Show us him changing his clothes. Show him jumping off the roof from the cameras that were by the campus. Show us him leaving the perimeter of that campus. That can all be done. So if whatever your theory you're saying and you want to prove that you're right and I'm wrong or this didn't happen, release the CCTV footage, release the turning point footage that the gentleman took from the campus, which we're going to talk about next. Watch this video. This number three man in this sort of blue green shirt.  So there's someone doing signals there. I'll make of that what you will. The guy in the black shirt, I'm not even positive about the guy in the white hat, but the guy in the black shirt, that looks like he's a third base coach. And I don't know. You could explain that in another way, but it is suspicious given the circumstance. Yeah. Well, I'd like these people to be interrogated, but I'm sure what we will find is maybe they were part of the security team. They were signaling to other members what to do. I'm sure that's what we will find. We should interrogate them. Yes. To be very clear, it looks like this man has his fist gripped. It looks like there's a black barrel directly there under his shirt. That's some conspiracy theories you're thinking.  I don't know if I've ever crossed my arms with my fist and put them under my arm like that. I would put them flat. I don't think I would grip them. Let me think. No. So just to make sure that screen wasn't locked. Right. I'm not going to grip my hands in a fist motion. Even if I'm holding my cell phone, if I'm holding my cell phone, there is nothing I'm going to have in my hand. Let me move up. He goes on this for a while. In the chest, and it shoots up and ricochets into his chest. So this is dispelling what people were saying early on, which is that the bullet deflected off armor of some kind.  hit by a bullet in the chest and it shoots up and ricochets into his chest. And I'm saying, if that is true, where is the bullet? Where is the hole in the shirt? And nobody can explain that to me, but Kyle Serafin had an idea. And what Kyle Serafin said was,  he was probably wearing a white vest. And if you shot somebody with a long rifle at that range, it's possible that it could hit the white shirt and immediately bounce off the vest without leaving any impression in the shirt or putting a hole in the shirt and ricochet directly up into his up into his throat. But if you look at this vest, and you look right below there I mean it would have had to hit right specifically at the tip of this at the very tip because it almost looked like it hit like right here and you don't really see that that plate up there in that area you see it more towards the center mass so it had to have hit him down here and somehow not put a hole in the shirt or in the vest  and then ricocheted up directly up into his throat. But if we take a look at some of these photos that have been posted by people like I am John Cullen, you see Charlie Kirk clearly bent over here. Do you think that that could be under that shirt with that back like that? I don't know if I'm seeing it now. I have a video that most people haven't got. I want you guys to check.  All five of them. We're taking this country back, everybody. I'll tell you. I mean, if you take a look down his shirt, guys, I want to believe so bad, but I can almost see his skin under that shirt. I don't think he's wearing anything under that fast. And that black little clip there, that's a microphone. So we can put that one to rest at least. Okay, on this next one, this is where I need any one of you guys that are patriots, freedom-loving Americans, and want to try to get to the bottom of this since they're not releasing that CCTV footage. Get some code. I want you to take a look at the trajectory of this. We're going to talk about that bullet one more time, but I'm going to ask for your help here in a minute. okay so let's talk about the position of that bullet so if charlie kirk is wearing a vest and this bullet this this shooter is shooting from an elevated position way up here on this roof somewhere and that bullet's coming down on this downward trajectory it would have to hit that that vest and you would think it would it would have ricocheted down but so from this upward trajectory and i'm no bullet expert so you guys do your thing i mean i'm no pro at this i barely shoot so but it comes on a downward trajectory and then somehow changes the scope is much lower than this okay well maybe if we take a look at you think so because he's so far away okay so maybe if we take a look at this fast and you say yeah because see the bow on right let me let me just move a little bit to this other angle  Okay, this is an interesting angle. Watch this crowd and let me know if you think they jump and react. Do you know how many mass shooters there have been in America over the last 10 years?  I didn't see anybody move until after they seen Kirk fall. I seen them all pause for a second. They saw the shot. And then when Kirk started to go, then they all started to kind of panic. But look what else I just saw. I just saw that guy in the blue shirt. And if it looked when he turned from the other angle, it looked like he turned and put something in his pocket and then went and responded. So check this out. This is interesting. I just caught that. I'm going to give you some credit. Do you know how many match shooters there have been? It's watch the person in the blue shirt. He's going to see now in front of you. We're not counting gang violence. Great.  This is the thing. The physics makes sense of a shot coming from someone to Charlie Kirk's right and the tip over. And perhaps coming up his body and exiting out the left side of his neck.  Right. And there's another thing I wanted to, cause JF gave a decent, um, explanation and he referenced the three, five, eight Winchester. That is a more powerful round and everything like that, but it doesn't reach, uh, in the lighter loads, the velocity of, it doesn't have the range. It's more of like a super penetrating, like something you'd use to take down a Buffalo or an elk or something gigantic. But, uh, a 30 odd six, especially if you're going to be hitting someone within 200 yards, you'd use something light so that there's no drop. And it, and it really puts all the energy on target. And whenever you get into that 3000 feet per second, that 29, it's usually about 2900, 2900 feet per second. Whenever you get above that, that's when you see massive, um,  soft tissue disruption due to velocity alone. But whenever it goes through, the non-permanent wound channel becomes a permanent wound channel and the exit wound that's whenever it becomes ridiculous but i just i really i have a hard time believing and it maybe maybe he used some you know ridiculous like he would have to have picked the shittiest ammo ever but what what you just showed richard i never saw that before someone up close that and and even valhalla said it looks like a pistol exit wound interesting  Yeah, I think it's interesting thinking. I'm not invalidating it. I think we'll have more answers when we get the medical report. There will be no doubt about exit wounds. I would suspect that they have not played with these things, that they have preserved the evidence, and I hope that we'll have answers. But it will become impossible if there's not an entry point on the right of Charlie Kirk. It will become impossible as a theory.  Valhalla said that they lost the bullet already on his dream last night. I don't know if that's true, but he said that they lost it. They can't account for the bullet, which is very scary. Wow. I think it may still be on scene because I think it went through Charlie. Well, but... Right. Which way did it go through Charlie? Charlie.  I think it went through a lot of things, and it could be in the ground right now. I think it was probably those very pointy tips that are not meant to stop in the target, that are meant to go through. Yeah. Yeah. so this is just this is total speculation on my part but and and this would be sort of the case to be made that robinson is a patsy of some kind um first off We are not positive that Robinson is the person who in surveillance video is jumping off the building. Now, that could be proven through fingerprint analysis or a confession or something like that. Let's just say that he was, though.  Because, again, there is the possibility that the wrong man has been apprehended. And that is very strong, also, given some of just the odd things going on with this case. Remember, there was a boomer who claimed guilt right away, and we learned that he's simply a crazy person. And he's been released, in fact, but he's charged with obstruction of justice that is giving a false report to the police. um might something else be going on with robinson in the sense that there's all this discussion on his discord server it's my doppelganger was it you jokey discussion about how he did it or whatever And then his parents who are concerned with their autistic young man who's dropped out of college and doesn't fit in and dating a transsexual and they've almost convinced themselves that he did it and he's been turned in and he's now in a very tough situation.  There's also the possibility that this was done professionally. They wanted it to be done right. Can you really trust a kid to get the job done? He might chicken out. He might miss. He might. Who knows? But you want someone up there. And thus this. person without a lot of self-esteem who's susceptible to manipulation is basically put on the roof and might at some point realize that he's in deep shit. Now, total speculation on my part, it's just something to think about.  Because I don't know. It's like we have the Zapruder tape immediately after the Kennedy assassination. But that possibility of a pistol being fired by someone in his immediate environs strikes me as plausible.  And this would obviously take us in a totally new direction. Clearly, the killer in this case would be an inside man. And now we're, you know, in a labyrinth of speculation and accusations, etc.  Absolutely. I mean, at some point, warfare will be so high technology that at some point we won't be able to trace who's the killer. It's very obvious if you're with a sniper, but at some point there will be drones flying around. Imagine a $20 drone was flown and is perfectly capable of shooting Charlie directly. And he could even have shot at the exact same position that the Patsy. What I find super sad about this whole story is that ultimately Tyler Robinson is some kind of Betsy, even if you pull the trigger. From the perspective of his father, I think, suppose I would be the father of this guy. What did I see? I see a man who was taken from me, who was a good boy, who was good at school, he had a great future, and he was taken from me by internet porn, he got addicted to some weird, trans, furry stuff, and eventually these people have put ideas in his brain that led him to be a marionette for them. They used him, they used my son to go out there and do their bidding.  And that is how I would see it if I was his father. That's, I think, inevitable that this is how his father sees it. He was not a bad man, I think, deep inside. He was way too much neutral. That was the problem in a very evil world. And he got something put on his back, no matter how you look at it, no matter if he's responsible still for putting the trigger and still for 99% of his own education into this extremism. There's a part of this that is a misuse of a young, potentially morally neutral artist.  Yeah, that's powerful stuff. Someone in the chat was mentioning Mormonism. I guess we could bring that up in the last five minutes or so that Jeff is with us and.  It is an interesting thought. A friend of mine actually sent me a video of someone who has a Mormon background who was talking about the spilling of the blood of someone who's committed a, I guess you could say, a kind of cardinal sin. Someone who's done something irredeemable and thus cannot go to Mormon heaven. and own a planet in the next life or something like that but that you actually can redeem this person by spilling his blood some criminals in the mormon faith have asked to be shot by um uh firing squad so that their blood is spilled it's almost there's almost a little valhalla quality to this of you know to get into valhalla you have to die in battle and Uh, I don't know that this could very well be just sort of rhyming with what happened, but that would have also implied that this young man who, who does have a Mormon background and in Southern Utah, I imagine he's in a environment of 80 to 90% Mormons.  He's not living in downtown Salt Lake City or anything. And he wanted to spill Charlie's blood for some reason. He's done a heinous sin of going after the trans community. I don't know. I don't know if it adds up. But I don't know if someone else has something that's more compelling than what I just said, which wouldn't be too hard. Regular guy? I think that's possible. Oh, yeah, regular guy? I mean, I think that a big issue is, I came a bit late, so I don't know if we covered this, but him living with a trans person, it just seems like this is kind of a case of a guy who is settling for, like, a subpar relationship. I mean... and he feels and i guess that's in many ways a kind of product of his maybe downward mobility or an example of like excess men that which probably if assuming that this thing is what it is that was probably a big factor in um him deciding to do the deed is he's just not going to be able to Be as successful as his parents, if not, if not, maybe not just economically, but also relationally. And I mean, if he was, if he was, I mean, there's a very heteronormative way of looking at things, but if he was gay, wouldn't he just like go date a man? Whereas if he's dating a trans woman, it's like there's almost an attempt to make a mimicry of heterosexuality. But I guess due to autism and maybe he's not hideous, but he's not exactly good looking. So I think that his relationship status is probably a major contributor to his decision to do the deed.  Very important analysis. You're right on target. And yes, incetism, there's a continuity between incetism, violence, and homosexuality, which is it's how the availability of females is low. And so males are occupying themselves with other things, and it's either sex among themselves or violence. Yeah, it's interesting because people are talking about the pathology of the transsexual, and that is fascinating on many levels. But there's also the pathology of a man dating a transsexual.  it's easy to call him out as just a perv, you know, he's into some weird, wild stuff. Actually what regular guy was saying in, in, in JF corroborated it is, is the, that notion of sort of settling like you're, you, you can't get the super hot Mormon magamom wife. And so you're going to sort of date this semblance of a woman. Yeah.  I think that's a very interesting way of thinking about it. And interestingly, there was not much trace of trans thinking in Lance Twiggs in his history on Reddit. But he was headed toward trans to female under his relationship with Tyler. So is it possible that we had here a regular gay guy that got brought toward trans by Tyler Robinson himself?  Because Tyler wanted a female-looking decoy. Yeah. Very similar to that conservative who did all of this campaigning in Pennsylvania, but he's just obviously gay. There's almost this weird way in which the black sheep... Scott Pressler, yeah. The black sheep of the family almost wants to...  achieve a synthesis, to make good, but not actually be heterosexual. So it's like, look, mom and dad, I'm totally gay, but look, I helped the Republican Party win over the Amish. It's a funny... The Dave Rubin syndrome. Yeah, exactly. It's a funny thing, but I think it makes sense psychologically. It's even a little bit normal psychologically, if you understand my meaning there.  Yeah, go on. Among younger generations, like, I'm sure everyone's probably heard of this, but the sex ratios of male to female really skew strongly male. I mean, there are more women in the US, but that's among all age groups, but in the dating pool among younger people. I actually  I saw a map a while back when it was  you saw single men in each state versus  excess of single men versus excess of single women. The only states with  this was like 2015. The only states with an excess of single women, and it was a slight excess, was Mississippi and like the heavily black areas, granted probably due to homicide, mass incarceration, all that stuff. It's interesting we see the rise of non-heteronormative male sexuality in occurrence with the sort of very late and early 21st century supply of excess males, which I think you've talked about where you're more likely to be gay if you're a younger brother in a big family. Mm-hmm. Very important when we consider the lack of females, though, compress the time scale because a female is only available for reproduction between 18 and 35. So let's give it a generous 17 years of availability. But that 17 years expands toward a male that is available between 18 and maybe 45, 50, 55 if he's a billionaire. So you have that many males competing for that many females just in their time scale compression. And on top of it, the females are not all on the dating market for real. Some of the single females are actually in careers in university. They're not interested in dating. So the factor of compression, the real one, is there's 10 males available at any time for a given female.  Yes. We had two more questions up there. We can address this. You guys lowered your hands. I don't know if we... It was Ateas. Yeah, go ahead, Ateas. I had a perspective that might be a little interesting. So I think over these past few days, I've kind of come to blame Russia for this, honestly. And I don't mean to sound too conspiratorial, but... I think that Russia is definitely, you know, they, they do play psychological operations and games and stuff like that. And I think that there's no, there's no doubt that they do. So seeds of division and whatnot, um, on the online communities, various ones left, right, whatever. Um, I think that they, they, they definitely could have just gone into this, into this, uh, discord or wherever and, and convince this guy that, you know, this is the right thing to do. And, and, have many different fake accounts, make it seem like there were a lot of influence and encouragement on it. I definitely believe that. It's also because it sends a message to Donald Trump, obviously, because who Charlie Kirk is. It also I think that Russia overall has a long term goal of balkanization of America. So it kind of plays into that as well. And I think that this is just one thing in a long list of a laundry list of things that they want to do to us.  It coincided with the Epstein files, which is interesting. It also coincided with provocative actions in Poland, in which there were drone entrances and drone strikes, in fact, in a NATO country. And it coincides with this ambiguity from Donald Trump or, you know, I want to do more sanctions, but I, you know, I'm quite not ready. I want to meet with Putin and, you know, we'll hug it out. And, but maybe not, we can't do it. I mean, it's, it's, it's an interesting coincidence. As I said, I mean, I said this on the live stream the night that it happened and it, this sort of assassination coincides.  aligns with an overall Russian propaganda effort. The Russian propaganda effort is not to convince everyone that Russia is cool. The Russia propaganda effort is to whack your brain, basically. You don't know up from down, left from right. You don't know what's real.  And this is clearly what was going on with RT. That's the Russian propaganda effort writ small. Let's have all sorts of wacky nonsense come on here and some hard news and just get people going off in all sorts of directions. I would also say, as many Ukrainians have pointed out on Twitter, that Charlie Kirk was taking the pro-Russia line.  you know, not as flamboyantly as others, but he was on that side more or less. And that would also suggest to me, because Charlie Kirk is highly suggestible, and I think he sort of takes feedback. He's one of those guys. We talked about this the other night. Like Nick Fuentes or myself or you, JF,  We're sort of pugilist in this realm. We'll take a swing at someone if it's worth it. I'm not out there to get in fights with everyone. Nick Fuentes, maybe, he's very eager to swing at anyone. He'll attack Tucker Carlson. Charlie Kirk, psychologically, is the exact opposite. Charlie Kirk was friends with probably everyone he ever met.  All of these kids and I think they're being genuine. They're like Charlie Kirk was my friends. Like, how many friends did this guy have? 10,000 friends that I've seen on Twitter. They all loved him. He got along with Dave Smith, with Tucker Carlson, with Ben Shapiro, with Donald Trump. He  He's highly suggestible. He's like a sponge, sort of, as opposed to being a boxer, which is more like ideologues are. We'll call someone out. Arguing about something is sort of fun. I'll argue with someone about a movie. It's just fun. It's interesting, invigorating. Charlie Kirk would be like, oh, I'm listening. I hear you here. I hear you. Let me try to bring you into this giant tent that is me and that is TPUSA. he's very successful this is not meant as a criticism it's an observation that's who he is psychologically and thus russians influencing him within tp usa i think is likely because you know he didn't develop these opinions on his own is what i'm saying that is a bit of a criticism  The idea that Russians were within TPUSA, within his security detail, is certainly possible. And this also aligns with the general Russian propaganda effort. So I don't think what Ateas is saying is... out of bounds i think it's it's speculation but it's something to think about well it's also interesting how immediately now i'm not saying that people on twitter and you know we know the accounts that i'm talking about these like russian shill accounts that are always posting the ukrainian war updates and all that stuff yeah in unison they all got barking orders to immediately blame israel And in unison immediately after it happened, which is the only reason that's interesting is because as a state actor, that's exactly what you would want to do is just like immediately put it on another state such that it's kind of like if anyone has that kind of doubt, they would immediately look to Israel. And Israel is just currently the boogeyman, right? Because of Gaza. Yeah. So Kim Iverson, Blumenthal.  Both went. It's you. Kim Iverson suggested it was Ukraine, which is absurd, I would say. Not that they're against killing Dugan or whatever. I seriously doubt they would go into U.S. territory and pick off.  vaguely pro-Russian critics or something. But yeah, you're right. There was the, you know, there's the old line of whoever's crying loudest at the funeral is the one who did it. And that's probably the way you should think if you're involved in the mafia or something. But as you were saying, the person, you know, like in the 911 call, you know who who tells the police you know well i was away from the house and i just got back in and and my husband is dead i think the gardener did it a 911 call like that is highly suspicious you aren't observing what happened or asking for help what you're doing is giving yourself an alibi and making an accusation immediately that's the person who did it so yeah blumenthal kim iverson russian chill russian anonymous russian chill accounts they they got the memo and one last point i would make is that i think a lot of people were saying it's like an assassination and the reason i would say that this person was just completely psyoped into doing it um is is just simply because the no one shoots for the neck like no one does that You might go for a headshot, you might go for chest, but no one ever aims for the actual neck because it's a smaller target. And not to mention, if you hit the neck, if you skim it, you can still survive that. You'd have to hit an artery where he got hit. And it's consistent with someone who would go to a short range and shoot a rifle a couple of times, notice that the dip at 50 yards is like four inches or three inches wide. And then they aim maybe at the forehead thinking it's going to hit him in the nose or something. And then at 200 yards,  a bullet going 300 or 3000 feet per second is going to dip about nine to 10 inches. And so it was misjudged. He was going for a headshot and it dipped and hit his neck. And that's, that's why I think that it was like an amateur that did it because a professional hitman would hit center mass for sure. And if he's going for a headshot, that's where it's going to hit too. So I agree with people who do say that, I'm not saying that anyone can do it, but I think that a professional who is used to shooting, a 200-yard shot is like cake, especially for somebody who's sitting down. So that's my thoughts about it. And plus, too, even someone who moves, at 200 yards if you're moving, you can still easily hit the person because a bullet's uh we'll hit the target in less than 200 milliseconds so from the time that it's fired so even if someone's moving at 200 yards you can still easily hit the target interesting all right one more question and then i think we will uh wrap it up after two hours um so cbg you can jump in but it's very good stuff it tastes and i i yeah i'm i'm of your wavelength cbg  Hi, can you hear me? Yes. Okay. Yeah, so I think it's interesting. I mean, we can theorize all day, but I think what sort of defines a lot of the mimetic terrorism that's been going on lately is the intentional opaqueness of it, and I think there is a scenario where we don't figure out the motive necessarily, and we kind of have to work backwards almost from the effects of it, and And that has the hallmarks of Russian mimetic terrorism, but it also is a trademark of some of these nihilistic online groups as well. But from that point of view, I mean, just for example, one of the most, for me personally, disturbing responses I've seen to this is Nick's response, where he's someone who's gained a lot of popularity lately for criticizing the right. And I don't know, it was very jarring for me to see him move immediately to saying this is left-wing terrorist it's us versus them and i think in effect in a large way this event you know maybe not intentionally but in effect kind of i guess like neuters his effects you know that he has on the right you know it takes away the appeal or it could if he leans more into that and you know it's early days and obviously there's the shock of the day after him doing his show on it but i don't know i think um I guess it's not a fully formed thought, but that's sort of where my thoughts are right now, where I think what's interesting about the Groyper movement, especially lately, is how they sort of play with partisanship and sort of flip back and forth between criticizing the left and the right. And I don't know. I just think...  I mean, it will be a watershed moment. It'll be interesting to see how he handles it. But I think Nick and I'm speaking for myself, but probably also people who are take part in this show. I think Nick is so much more powerful when he is criticizing the right, because that means you're willing to go there and you're not just on team red. And what do you think, Jeff, about what CBG said? And.  Well, I've not been disappointed with Nick's response. First, I think he did have to make this kind of declaration of war against a part of the American people, the nihilistic, you know, Kirk Death celebrating leftists. Certainly no one should support this. And So I think that he kind of gave what he had to give to an audience that was even demanding more. In a way, there was lots of restraint in the first Nick Frentes stream in response to this. I don't think he could have shown more Catholic restraint in terms of an appeal to a form of unity against the nihilistic violence.  Well, OK, but let me push back on this. I mean, I certainly never expected Nick to endorse this and saying like, oh, yeah, I don't like I disagree with Charlie Kirk. So I'm glad that person I never expected him to do that. No one no one in their right mind would say that. And Nick is in his right mind. But what he did do is jump on the immediate right wing narrative, which is that the left is  Once all of us dead and they and Charlie Kirk's just standing in the way. And I'm sorry, but that's just incorrect. And it's self-serving. It's again, it's this sort of passive aggressive thing.  take that you hear from right-wingers. Okay, go ahead. If you listen carefully to his stream, he's not saying the left. In fact, his stream is an appeal to decent people of the left and right to say we reject this club. By this club, I mean the one person, absolute degenerate, violence-enjoying, cruel psychopath. And I think this is how it should be interpreted. Isn't that kind of a given?  It is a given, but see, the magic of Nick Frontez is to deliver a given. What was, to me, a disappointing stream, because I like content, I like analysis, and there was no analysis in this stream. But you have to commend the genius of saying nothing, basically, and being watched live by 200,000 people. of saying nothing and yet being the most important speech about the whole thing in the whole of America for the future of the conservative movement. In a way, that's inevitable. Nick Frances has to become a little more pale, a little more empty, a little more, well, I'm not surprised by anything here. You know, Catholic appeals to Jesus Christ and all, not something that I would watch on an everyday basis.  But it was what he had to do that day. He's being a politician. He's becoming a politician. I guess I agree, but I do think it will be interesting to see also what happens now that he is sort of on the back foot and people are trying to blame a Gruyper for this and sort of pushing that line of thought. And it's like, it doesn't really matter if it's true, but if that perception can get a foothold and i don't know if it is on the right but you know i kind of keep up with left-wing tiktok and it's certainly i mean they're just convinced that this is a groiper um you know so the criticism will be coming from the left in a way uh and it'll be interesting to see if people like candace or shapiro sort of push that line of thought too i think maybe they kind of subtly already are but um  I'm surprised they haven't pushed it, actually. This is just my gauge of it, is that they want it to be the left so bad, because that's a bigger enemy for them than the Grypers. I mean, of course it is. The institutions, Democratic Party, the media, etc. It's obviously the bigger thing. But nevertheless, I'm still just a little bit surprised that they're denying the Gryper angle, because...  Maybe they're keeping that in their back pocket. Well, I think that time will make anyone who chooses the Gruper angle too hard pay for it. Because in my experience, those people who are very wrong at the beginning, one week down the line, two weeks down the line, the Gruper theory won't hold even on TikTok. And so at some point there will be a reckoning and this decredibilizes and destabilizes the left when they fail so hard at communicating the truth to their own people.  Very good point. Well, gents and ladies, let's put a bookmark in there. So, JF, thank you for doing this again. And I will get this up as fast as I can. I'm going to put out a lot of this, if not maybe even all of it. Maybe I'll do one free for everyone because I know there's so much interest in this. Absolutely. Make sure you share the link with me. I'll share it with my crowd. I absolutely will. All right. Thanks for being here, guys. And I will talk to you soon. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.