all right i hope everyone is doing well it's very rainy and gray out here winter is coming it's here uh how is everyone else doing good really good big lebowski discussion yeah yeah it's it's fun there is a lot there so i was glad we did that it's kind of the rosetta stone i mean i um mark has uh referred to um raiders of the lost ark some roman polanski chinatown rosemary's baby they're they're just it's like all there and then you can use that as a way of viewing other films so  Yes, and I will post it soon. I was actually editing it last night. I just want to do a couple of little things and then I will post it. So we do have a guest today, but I don't think he is with us just yet. But I also wanted to mention that I wanted to have... We're going to meet on Thursday, as usual, but I actually wanted to talk a little bit about get-togethers, on thursday with the group so if if you have strong opinions or i guess even weak opinions on that uh i would definitely recommend you come i think we might do that just right off the bat just to sort of get it out of the way and then we can talk  about the news and other things. And but but also if you've come to one of the recent gatherings, you know, in Chicago or Austin, your opinion is definitely valuable.  and feedback because I sort of know the direction I want to go, but I do want to get some. Some feedback from from people just to. Make sure things are going in the right direction. and um i have a lot of ideas about that oh here is boyo alert good hello you can hear me yes yes uber boyo we can hear you steph i should say still go by your your fun internet name you're getting a lot of competition i i'm seeing all of these nietzschean vitalist come out of the woodwork  Well, yeah, it's true. It's true. I've seen a few now as well. I've even seen there's a guy called Uber Soy floating around. I'm like, Jesus, what is what is happening? This is a this is quite crazy. But I guess you saw the same with Fuentes. What is it? The Portuguese Fuentes and all this. So maybe it's just the nature of the Internet. Mimetic theory, as they'd say. Yeah, definitely. There's like a cinematic universe that emerges.  That is truly remarkable. I don't know if you remember this, but in 2020, there were other Fuentes clones emerging.  And it was, yes. Yeah. There was one in Britain that was Britain first. And it was a kid who was 19 or something doing the shtick. He was wearing a coat and tie and he was both edgy and overly wholesome. I maybe, you know, I think that was sort of the vibe that Nick had at least back then. I think he still has that vibe to, to a large degree. Yeah. And, yeah, someone mentioned in the chat, there's a character named John Doyle seems to... Oh, I know that guy, yeah. He was on the... Yeah, I know him. Well, you know, it's like...  I don't know. It reminds me of Coke and Diet Coke. I mean, isn't there something evil about Diet Coke? It's almost like Coke without the essence. You know, Coke is the real thing. That was this amazing advertising campaign that they pursued quite some time ago. It's the real thing. It's it's what you remember from your childhood. It's it's home. It's apple pie. It's mom and dad. It's baseball games like there was something Like it would give you in a bottle form just an encapsulation of your memories and nostalgia and childhood. And then you have Diet Coke, which is sort of the thing without the essence. It's, you know, oh, it's Coke, but there's there's no calories. There's no trade off. There's no pain. It's not real. It's sort of an evil simulation of something that I think should be banned.  The same with Fuentes. Why are you trying to be Fuentes? We have Fuentes available. We have an extreme, maybe an oversupply of Fuentes, in fact. Why are you trying to be Fuentes? What is the point of that?  I don't know. It's actually incredible how much presence Nick has at the moment. It's insane. I know. Just with all the clip channels. You've obviously heard of dead internet theory and you've heard of this idea that if you're at the origin point of ideas in the internet, even though the internet seems vast,  There's just very few actually creative people. It's like with the AI thing. People obviously are in despair with artificial intelligence, just copying and churning out slop. But there is the same principle that holds no matter how much scale we reach with technology, where signal to noise, like the noise ratio goes up, but the signal is always important. and so you have someone like nick who is actually like very innovative in many of the things he's done like i just the idea of the streaming show like the idea of wearing the suit like this is i look at some of the things with him and there's just they're so funny in such a like a kind of a subtle way where you're like this guy's wearing a suit every time he does an internet show you know yeah it's crazy yeah that is funny and  And it's just very strange. And then obviously that is original. And then obviously his takes on things are very powerful as well. And the being angry at the people giving you money, like these type of things are just very bizarre. And it ends up being a signal thing. And then obviously everybody just begins to medically copy it because it's almost like the NPC question. You know, we all medically copy very heavily and it's very hard to be original. yes yes he definitely created it and there does seem to be some backlash against the the fast followers i mean uh there is this character uh who came out of the woodwork named like brilli bolly hand or something oh yeah yeah brilliant brilliant hollyhand i you know there was i don't know if you've seen this um stuff but like there was a report on the most republican coded names and  And it was all it was what I noticed. There's a lot of a lot of names like Cole.  And things like that. But then a lot of names that were almost like the last name is a first name. I'll find it because I have a little joke about this, but I want. Yeah, Colton Harden, Colton. But. Sorry, what was I saying here? I lost my train of thought. Oh, yeah, there's something.  Oh, yeah, Brillin Hollyhand. Yes, Brillin Hollyhand. It sounds like a parody of a white name, don't you think? Have you ever seen that thing? It's like no one actually has that name. That's like a name that you'd see on a sketch comedy show. um brillin hollyhand and then he comes out and it is interesting because look i was never a fan of charlie kirk i am not surprised at all by this letter that was allegedly written to  Netanyahu saying, like, I want to be your Hasbara guy. I love Israel. Like, let's go. I'm not at all surprised if that letter is real. And I think it is. But that being said, it's like Kirk sort of did it first. You know, he was the conservative mascot and he wasn't an old guy. or an old woman like like Phyllis Schlafly or or some character like Lindsey Graham or something. He was this sort of new millennial Gen Z kid that looked a bit Mormon, was a little bit handsome, you know, just handsome enough, not too much kind of thing. But people really get caught up in that authenticity. And there's no doubt that this  you know, Blali Raleigh Rand or something is, in fact, some sort of astroturfed character. But so was Charlie Kirk. Charlie Kirk was entirely astroturfed for his entire life, if we're honest about it. He had big donors when he was 18 years old, but he did it first. And so there's some sort of authenticity and staying power that you can't really capture. I do think we see a lot of these people and so on. It's like dead Internet or A.I. or something, and they are.  in a way  And two things actually came into my mind as you were saying that. So one, obviously, is the Nietzsche quote where we tend to appreciate those who do it first more than those who do it best. And the second thing is just as you were talking about fake names, an old meme came up because there's a Japanese fighting baseball game or something like this, an old Japanese console game. I just posted it on the chat there linked to it. And they couldn't get copyright, obviously, for names of the real players. So they made up a lot of fake names. And when you read through them, you're like, these are brilliant. Like one of them here is a... bobson dugnut you know mike truck willie justice scott doork and it's like this it's almost sounds like a psychedelic trip where like they're close to being real but they're not and that's sort of when i saw bryson hollyhunter whatever his name is i was like man like that's You have these people like probably using an AI being like, give us a big data version of like the American archetype, the Southern lovable guy. And we'll deploy him now. We'll print him out. There's all sorts of weird things with this.  Like  he  showed,  I  think  he,  his Substack  starts  on  the  10th  of  September. You're like, man, what did they just click? Oh no, we killed the last one. Quick, roll the next one out. Quick, quick, quick. I was like, man, American politics is crazy. So I don't know. Who knows? Who knows what's going on?  Yes. Yeah, definitely. I'll find that list of names. If someone else can find it, just put it in the chat. I'll read from it. i've linked that oh no you must be talking about a different one i've linked i've linked the japanese console name oh yeah that is very funny because i think i know the players that whose names they're trying to like mike truck is that mike trout anyway mike trout is almost like a comically weird name but um anyway um so You had a very, very interesting video recently on neuroscience and the brain and God and racism and so on. And I want to I want you to go off on that, actually, because I find it I was fascinated by it, listening to it. I listened to it a few days ago and then you actually just resend it to me. I was glad that you did.  But before I do that, let me  there's so many so much happening in politics. You can sort of get overwhelmed and you need to have a hot take on, you know, Israel, Palestine here, Russia, Ukraine or whatever. But I I want to sort of try to step back and and get your opinions on the last nine months, let's say, of Trump, but really where we're going. And then to think about that in terms of psychology  and even neuroscience in a way and think about what this is telling us. So let me just posit this. This assumption that I can think that can lead to a broader discussion. Sometimes an election really does have a tremendous impact, and maybe that impact is symbolic or symptomatic of something bigger going on. But you really can look, find, locate a turning point.  And I do think that 2024, for better and for worse, was that turning point. Now, I voted against this turning point. I was on the losing side of this turning point. But in so many ways, I'm glad this occurred. And that is the end of the Great Awakening era.  the woke era that I think we can look back towards maybe 2008, maybe 2012. And it lasted well through Donald Trump's first term. And this was an era in which not only were were gays fully liberated into mainstream society that that wasn't entirely new during that period, but in which gay marriage was cemented as something that everyone agreed with. In effect, more sexual novelties occurred, sexual novelties and new identities, transsexuality being the premier one that everyone was talking about. But it was also an interesting era in in the sense of white people becoming weirdly more pro black than black people themselves.  It was a a period in which opinions really transform themselves. And it also reached a stage of obnoxiousness. But it was an obnoxiousness of people who felt like they were winning as well. It's like we are going to cancel you. We are going to force something down your throat. Figuratively speaking, maybe literally in some cases, whether you like it or not, you are going to refer to this person as a she, whether you like it or not. It was that obnoxiousness of confidence of of winning. It's just going to keep going. We don't even know what's in store later on, but we'll get there and we will enforce a morality around those new sexual novelties.  without a doubt. And I do think that 2024 was a turning point against wokeness, against sexuality, mutating in many ways. And I do feel like  Wokeness hasn't gone away. Transsexuality hasn't gone away. Gays haven't gone away. That's absolutely true. But we sort of are moving into a kind of right-wing era, don't you think? In which...  You know, it's easy to overestimate this stuff. Like you can say faggot again or retard or whatever. Maybe not quite the N-word. But on some level, that's frivolous. But on another level, that's actually very deep.  And I feel like I've noticed this even in personal interactions. I've definitely noticed it on social media. And I've also noticed this end of that era in just the sort of  lack of resistance or demoralization of any opposition to Donald Trump. It just does not feel like that opposition was as intense, at least in the media in terms of words, as it was during the first term. So  This is a long winded way of setting up this question. But what are your what are your more general thoughts on this? You know, like, do you think the collective psychology really is changing and  Why is that? I mean, don't you think this is a lot like, you know, the 60s and the 70s? Free love, sex, drugs and rock and roll, women's lib and so on. And then it just sort of flips around and you have mourning in America and an era that at least ostensibly is more conservative. Now, all those sexual things were retained in that new era.  But at least in the way it presented itself and understood itself was more conservative. And I feel like something very much like that is occurring as well. We had this largely online woke era, and we seem to be mutating into a new place, psychologically speaking. So what's what's happening? What do you what do you make of the the vibe shift in this way?  So there's probably two parts to answer this. And the first one would know. OK, I'll do that second, actually. But to summarize it up, I actually do think the value shift we're seeing is very deep and very permanent. And I'll justify that later. But before I get to that, I'll talk about like some general politics things and.  I'm probably like not as qualified as I should be on these things. And I'm talking about America when I'm Irish. But, you know, America is Rome and I am one of the vassal subject states. So I have a few things to look at it. And I guess my best vessel into it is to talk about an Irish man, which would be John F. Kennedy. So there's this sort of implicit idea that John F. Kennedy is like the base, the best, the kind of, you know, the great dude.  And he got assassinated. And I see people say that Israel did it because he was trying to give Israel nukes and all this. But I would also see some people suggest that John F. Kennedy was a cook. John F. Kennedy was, you know, he opened the borders and all this, which is true. And I remember looking into this because, you know, you're getting one of my fellow, my co-ethnics is getting slandered out here. I better make sure that this is true. What's going on here? And obviously diving into it, I discovered, yeah, JFK was preparing to do the Heart and Cellar Act, I think it is what used it in America, which led to the balancing of the immigration project and basically set up the mass replacement of the Americans. I think there were something like 90% white, and now they're like 50%, this type of thing. And it comes from the 1960s. And obviously, you know the context, 1960s, it was a radical. It was LBJ. Now, whether JFK...  It's an interesting question, but I don't want to split hairs with you. I'll just go with you on what you're saying. Sure, you are correct. It was after him, but Kennedy, if you look at it, he's writing A Nation of Immigrants. The ADL promotes this, for example, by Kennedy. Yeah, that's true. And you're like, wow, fuck.  This isn't good. Now, I was looking into it. I was thinking because he does other things like you have Salazar and Salazar in Portugal has the last colonial empire in the world. Yeah. You know, all of us shuds, we'd be like fucking based, fucking based, colonization based. And I was actually in Portugal a while ago and you go around and you can still see that sort of legacy of that in it as well. It's quite interesting. Like they have servants in Portugal and they would hire people to like take care of things in their houses, but they'd make them wear the kind of colonial black slave outfit. And oftentimes the servants would be African. And I'm like, man, this is this is surreal. It's almost like they're still there mentally. So Salazar had this thing and Kennedy was one of the main people pushing him to get rid of his colonial empire. And he, like the Americans pressure him. And then what happens is the Salazar empire falls apart and they have essentially a communist revolution in Portugal. So this is like not good. Yeah.  you see many other things like Elon Musk exposes USAID. Where does USAID come from? Well, this was a, something done by John F. Kennedy, John F. Kennedy pioneered this. And I was looking at this and I was thinking to myself, fuck, like why, what, what was going on at this point? I, and I look at it and I think that what you see with the defense of the U S at that period was a huge paranoia about communism, where we have this like imperial force in Russia, in the USSR, which, running through the world with this almost like ideological reevaluation of morals, setting forth a moral world order that was seducing and persuading the third world to go over to the communist side. You have Marxists going in. Remember Yuri Beznamov? He was talking about how the Russians went into India and took Goa out of the Portuguese hands.  They were going in and saying use imperial capitalism is imperialism, this type of thing. And they were inducing psychological warfare, which is actually a Nietzschean reevaluation of values for you to go from being a colonial subject to being a Marxist free thinker. And they were doing this all around the world. And the Americans began to panic because Cuba got tilted.  This is something that is big with Portugal is Cuba fell. And I think Castro was constantly supporting the liberation movements in Portugal's empires like Angola, Mozambique, this type of stuff. And so JFK seems like he comes in as this innovator who presents this idea that if we if America is to make sure that we're not isolated as an island surrounded by Marxists all across the world, we're going to have to  transform the national self-concept into being a lofty, open American dream, liberal project. And it's very easy for us to turn around and be like, that's stupid. That's going to lead to mass. That's going to lead to great replacement and stuff like this. But it's actually very interesting to say, if you were in that position and you shut it out and you said, no, what we're going to do is we're going to Close the borders and we're going to go neo-Nazi, hard racist and say, fuck you to the third world. There's actually a decent chance the Soviets might have actually won the Cold War, if you think about it. Now, JFK comes in. He puts in USAID. He says, we're not going to have this exploitative imperial project that looks terrible. Instead, we're going to we're going to send money to the third world.  And this is going to buy their loyalty and this is going to get them very. So all of a sudden now there's all these USAID NGOs filling up the third world with cash. And of course, everybody, everybody in the world is like, this is fucking awesome. The Americans are literally paying us. Like, how could we not like this? And John F. Kennedy moves away. John F. Kennedy sets up the Navy SEALs. He sets up the Green Berets. Now, this is interesting because his rationale here is like, let's not do Iraq specifically.  Let's not do Vietnam. Let's not do invasive wars that look terrible. Let's instead have special operations where we go in and we execute these people trying to do Yuri Beznamov subversions, this type of thing. He does the Heart and Seller Act, where the Nation of Immigrants, the Open America, everybody can come to America and become American and join in in this Western party. He liberalizes it.  Now, the predicate here that's so important is that it is something that empires have to do. It's actually like a fundamental flaw of empire. Rome did the same. They liberated citizenship, Caracalla famously because of various things like this. And the thing that got me thinking about this was the tariffs, because when you look at Britain, Britain beat Napoleon at the start of the 1800s and Britain came out of this colonial period that had really high tariffs where they were fighting against Holland and fighting against Spain and France and tariffing the living fuck out of each other. It was a period of extreme nationalism. The second Britain beat The second they beat the colonial project and become the masters of the world, they mandate a huge amount of moral reforms. They ban slavery, they end trade nationalism, they create the world trade system, and they end tariffs. They stop this. And they become the lofty policemen of the fair and open British world trade system. So there's this interesting thing where they're maniacal conquerors, and then the second they win, they become... moral open party type thing and they drop tariffs at this point america is a little nation and they have some of the highest tariffs in the world at this point and then this is so fascinating 1920 as britain is losing its empire what happens they begin to tariff people once again their tariffs begin to rise and america begins to inherit now what does america do america begins to lower its tariffs When 1945 rolls around after all the wars, America eviscerates its tariffs and becomes an open world empire that invites everybody into Bretton Woods because that's the winning position. Now, what do you see happening with Trump? Trump is bringing back tariffs. Trump is closing many things. Trump is saying we're going to do nationalism again. We're going to start bullying all these people around the world. We're going to start to expose this USA thing and end it. And you start to look at all this and you're like,  fuck, maybe even you might see the war in Iran or something like this. Maybe it'll be another invasion, like a Vietnam point to 2.0 type thing. And you're like, man, is it's almost like I wonder because they're all saying an American empire. And I'm wondering, is the closing of the liberal open world order? Maybe you could even say woke, although woke is probably a degenerate version of it, but definitely the kind of liberal idea.  with all of its flaws, was the lofty imperial moment. And now we're starting to see this closing, this shutting down of the tariffs, even the closing of the borders in a way. And they're saying American empire, but it actually looks... I wonder, is it Britain 1920? If you look at, for example, the financial system, it's very fucking scary what's going on with America.  And you say, all right, they hope that they're going to have an American century. Is this the end of the American empire? Is this the beginning of the next one? And when we look at things like all the values, I think that actually happens. This is almost like the inversion of the 60s. And it makes you wonder, is this going to be a new American nationalism and they'll still lead the world? Or is this going to be the closing of the American empire and we enter into basically probably China's or the multipolar world order of the future? So I've been thinking about that a lot. I don't know if you have any thoughts. Oh, You are echoing many of my thoughts on this matter, and it took me a while to come around to this idea. But I agree that liberalism writ large and even wokeness can be thought of as a kind of imperial management strategy and a domestic strategy. And even and I think there's also like a. There's a Caducean relationship between the far left and America in the sense that they're both sort of striving for the same end, at least ostensibly. And I don't think this has been fully recognized. So if we go back to the First World War and the Paris Peace Accords of 1919 and Wilson's offer to Europe,  It's essentially nationalism. Now, 1919 is now remembered for the Versailles Peace Conference and punitive measures against Germany that led to Hitler and all that kind of stuff. We know that story. I think we don't appreciate enough the other side of the Paris Peace Conference, which was to not only encourage nationalism, but to in a way invent nationalism where it wasn't. So they revived nations like Poland in 1919. They would also create new kingdoms of various ethnicities that, of course, descended in the 90s into Yugoslavia. But the American offer, the counter offer to what was going on in in Russia after 1917 was basically we're going to have a security umbrella.  that is encompassing all of you. But underneath that umbrella, you can pursue nationalism, which at the time was a sort of liberal idea. It was in contradistinction to imperialism.  It was every people deserves its own sovereignty and its right to have a parliament. And, you know, the people should be in charge. And, you know, every poll, no matter what station, should be able to be the prime minister. No more kings. A lot of rhetoric that is familiar to us that you hear from liberals in some cases, but also that you hear directly from MAGA. So I think that was the imperial solution. Liberalism also can be thought of as a management strategy. A lot of people like to bash the Civil Rights Act, including Charlie Kirk, apparently, who thought that. We shouldn't have the Civil Rights Act was a mistake and we would have reached interracial brotherhood sooner or better or something if we had not done that act. But put yourself in that perspective. You have a group of people, African-Americans, who are just outright oppressed. Now,  Should we exaggerate how oppressed they are? No, but we shouldn't under exaggerate it either. And you have a seething, creeping population of people that very well might like to get into civil unrest, rioting, which they they did to some extent, of course.  But but also revolutionary activities. It wasn't just the third world. You had a revolutionary potential within your own country. And what do you do in that case? Do you oppress them harder?  That's one solution. But another solution is, in effect, liberalism. And we want you to buy in. You're going to have something at stake in this country. And we might even give you a little bit of a nudge. Some little affirmative action here, some, you know, casting in Hollywood movies, some favorable pieces in the media. We're going to help you out so that all of that revolutionary potential is just nipped in the bud and it doesn't go anywhere. Why would I want to join the Black Panthers? and brutally assault the state and get killed as a result when I could get a job at a corporation and have a mortgage and a wife and so on. And so liberalism itself, so many on the right tend to think of it as this evil thing, or as you were talking about in your videos, if you open up a liberal's brain, it's just a bunch of scrambled eggs. or something like they hate their own race and they're they have pathological altruism and and so on. Maybe there's some kernels of truth to that. But the fundamental issue is that liberalism, as we know it, coincided with the greatest advancement of American power, arguably of any state's power in world history. Yeah.  Everyone used the dollar. Everyone feared the American military. Everyone wanted to go see Hollywood movies. Everyone wanted to move to America. Everyone sort of liked, even in the Soviet Union, you were listening to U2 and wearing blue jeans.  and so on. I mean, that is power and even wokeness, which I agree is a kind of botched, silly, late version of liberalism. That, too, is a kind of management strategy and to a very large extent, a successful management strategy. And I think these these things have to be seen in that context and not just as a product of like a deranged left wing mind of self hatred and loathing, etc. There's something else going on here. So we have to ask the question, you know, closing your borders, terrifying, saying retard again.  you know, you and I might sort of resonate with that. You know, I've been itching to say retard for 20 years at this point. And at last I feel free. I have a feeling of the black experience of, you know, breaking the chains and so on. I'm joking, obviously, but you get my point. Like many of us resonate with it, but what does it actually mean? And I think the only way to read it is what you were suggesting right there is that  This isn't like a new hard Trumpian empire around the world. This coincides or is analogous to the end of empire. If you're closing up shop You know, huddling together, tariffing everyone around you, sort of hating everyone around you, saying like, we don't want to go spend more money in foreign wars like Ukraine. To hell with them. You know, let's keep that money right here at home.  Maybe you've got a point in a way, fine. But regardless, that is all, all highly indicative of the end of an empire, a kind of closing of the frontier in a new way this time. Just as you were bringing up Wilson's offer to Europe, I actually looked it up because I didn't know about it. And again, it's so fascinating. You see this stuff. The economic protocol was that they wanted to do free trade across Europe and remove economic barriers, which is tariffs. And it's that same thing that it's like, we're all going to get along. There should be money flowing. And I think a really big... And if you're a small state, you can't be a big one. Like the United States has never really feared like...  I don't know what to say, Czech nationalism or or or something like Finnish nationalism. What do they fear? They fear German nationalism or in British nationalism, even even to a little a lesser degree. They fear a big government that can go toe to toe. But if you have free trade and these tiny little ethno states scattered across Europe, then what is there to fear? They can all just have free trade, have their nationalism, go dance around the Maypole and talk about, you know, the essence of being Polish and so on while they're under the American security umbrella. So it was an imperial management strategy. But go on. Yeah, so like something I'll get into later is the concept of woke, because I think there is actually a lot of interesting things about that that are not like to depoliticize and go into the psychological, because I think it is actually a spiritual phenomenon as well. Like almost like Gnosticism, we could talk about that. And a lot of this comes from, I saw James Lindsay, you know, talking about woke right and stuff like this. And I was like, man, there's this problem now where the right wing, like you've seen it for years, of course, because you've been like, guys, I'm not sure about a lot of this shit that's going on.  But it's now really becoming apparent where there's a lot of stupidity in the right. And one of the best examples is like, oh, yeah, they're just throwing woke at everything and this type of thing. So I was looking for a definition. I found some crazy things with this. And that actually was the inspiration for that video. I was like, all right, well, could we look into neuroscience with this? But before we go into that, just maybe on one last political thing before I burn out my knowledge of this front, is looking at the financial system, as I said, because it's like Wilson doing the free trade in Europe. And people really don't study money enough because money is like so important to all of these things because it's the predicate for power. To be sovereign is to establish the sovereign, the currency, the thing that is used. And the best position you can possibly be is to be the Dutch, the British, or the Americans or the Romans. Hold authority over the currency and you will make all the money you want in the world and have the power to print. And so what happened after World War Two is like the Americans gathered everybody in Bretton Woods and they said, listen, we're going to set up the financial system or we'll be the leaders of the world. And again, it's actually so interesting because America had to do this in a very kind of friendly way. They said, listen, we're not going to bully you. We're not going to be the American world police per se. What we're going to do is we're going to actually do this.  this integral intertwined world system. And the idea here is that we're not, you're not going to, we're not going to do this imperial thing where you all have to buy in. Cause again, they're still worried about communism. They were like, that was still in their minds. And they said, all right, what will happen is you will buy our debt.  and we will buy your debt. So if you want to make money, you can print something and we'll buy this debt. And we'll do this, we'll call this this interlocking system of promises, if you want to put it this way. And that's actually what the world system is. It's this enormous interlocking system of promises. And there's this idea that the American promise, because it's the hegemon, it has the best army and also the best reputation, is the best promise. So an American treasury bond  An American promise to pay you back in the future is worth as much as gold. That was the thinking in the 80s and 90s. And so the Chinese, you know, built and bought loads of treasury bonds. Everybody in the world bought them and stocked up their portfolios of this. And basically having the Americans say, I'll give you this money back was like having gold.  Now, what's so interesting about this is that it's purely psychological. There's no reality to this whatsoever. It is purely based on people's belief in America's future and people's desire to buy in. Now, this is where things get fucking nuts because what is happening, excuse my French, but what is happening now is the Chinese are no longer buying the treasury bonds.  And I think I've spoke to you about this before. They're offloading their treasury bonds, or more specifically, when America puts up new promises, people aren't buying in. So people are no longer buying into America. Now, they're still buying in on the five-year, 10-year horizon. 20 years, nobody is buying. And that's a serious crisis. And in fact, a lot of this stuff is going to mature in the next year or so, which is really, really bad.  Now, this is terrible because this is the end of the Bretton Woods system. This is the end of this interlocking system, because if nobody buys America's promises and America are in $37 trillion debt, all of a sudden, all this debt and they can't pay for it. It's a sovereign debt crisis. It's really, really bad. And what the Americans are now doing is instead of trying to get people to come back into the system and say, hey, come back to America. America is great. Sorry about us pushing you around and all this. This is actually like an interesting angle against the Israel thing, for example, that I don't see people talk about burning your credibility around the world with a radical war.  is actually really damaging to the reputation. A lot of people are getting pissed off about it. Even things like pushing Russia away and all this type of stuff, it's causing these fractures in the American psyche. The Chinese overall are just not interested in bricks. You've heard about all this. And another thing, if you've seen Russia recently announced, they pulled the rug. They said the Americans are trying to escape into crypto. I'm not sure if you saw that announcement. But the American, sorry, the Russian economic minister comes out and I think I told you last year that conspiracy about- Oh yeah, I remember this, yes. Yeah, so the Russians announced it. They were like, yeah, like they're going to do this. And you see like we're a Liberty Phi and all this. And obviously Trump went heavy into Bitcoin. And the idea there is that they're going to go into Bitcoin and this is going to create a new economic system that gets people to buy in and obviously Tether have to buy treasury bonds to print their money because the Americans are not regulating them, which is going to prop up the American system a little bit more. And again, the Russians come out and they say, these fucking guys are like just trying to get us into another rug pull.  and pull the rug under this. And the Chinese just won't buy into crypto. The Chinese have banned Bitcoin mining now. They just won't get into it. So this is so fascinating because it seems like the rest of the world is becoming savvy and they're not trusting the Americans anymore. They're saying, fuck these guys. We're not interested. We don't want to get involved in the system. We want to get out of it. The dollar is a scam.  This whole network is a scam. We don't like it. And it's actually it's very frightening because the Americans establish a very stable world order. And like a lot of their culture, obviously, is Western European and like these type of things. And like if they fall apart, like you will see what like Ukraine happens. And Ukraine is not good for the Ukrainians. It's an absolutely atrocious war where loads of them are getting killed. It's a disaster for the nation. I feel really bad for it. And it's precisely this type of thing that when the big dogs break down, Everything starts to get sheared apart and people die and it becomes very serious very quickly, this type of thing. So it is interesting that openness, the liberalism, that Bretton Woods idea as at the foundation. And now we're seeing the closing and everybody maybe maybe we're all becoming based as we feel. But there is actually these a lot of dark things in the background. Or should I say intimidating forces in the background that are that that have bad tidings, you know, the breakdown of the financial system.  Yeah, well, let me I want to go into the psychology of it. But before that, I don't you think it's interesting that there's no real competing alternative? You know, as I mentioned before, the Bolshevik revolution was a shock heard around the world. And that's real. that blew people's minds that something like that could actually happen as as was the French Revolution, as was the American Revolution. These are destabilizing powerful forces.  Uh, and Wilson's counter offer, or you could even say, uh, uh, FDR Truman. Truman was, um, was presiding over NATO and even into the 1950s in the Eisenhower era. There is this counter offer to the world.  You know, which is you don't have to go commie. You know, we are going to station nuclear weapons in West Germany. Now, are we oppressing you? Yeah, maybe. But it's a golden cage. You're going to have a great economy. You're going to be safe. We are not we're going to not harass you too much about your Nazi past.  And you can not go communist, which is clearly worse than us. So there's this competing offer of nationalism in many ways, but also subjugation under the security umbrella of the United States. But if we assume that the United States empire is declining, which I do, what is the counteroffer? multi-polarity i mean that that's that almost just strikes me as a meme among right wingers who are getting paid ironically in bitcoin by the kremlin i i mean not to be too mean there but like what is that you know like you know like we're not unified as a planet you know like we're what  So, I don't know. There's not some competing vision to America. And I think there really could be at this point. Aren't we just sort of wide open in our expectation for something different, a better world? Everyone in America is unhappy. We can't afford groceries.  And there's no visionary force, some even messianic alternative that's being offered. And so I think that would lead me to believe that America might actually stick around in some based form.  Because there's just no one else to challenge. We're like the undisputed heavyweight champion with the emphasis on undisputed. Like no one's challenging us. And China has a lot to lose by offering some totally different system. They have a lot to lose. And that is the Chimerica relationship, which still exists.  These are all phenomenal points. This is actually like, I think the kind of level of thinking that I just never see anybody say it's like, oh, yeah, we're going to like what comes next, you know, because you're actually right. If you think about bricks and what will the offer be? It's it's actually going to be ironically is going to be trad chud nationalism.  Because the Russians would be like, oh, we'll keep to ourselves. China will be like, we'll keep to ourselves. And you little nations can all keep to yourselves and no one will bother anyone and we'll just trade. And so it is it is almost like, you know, petty, petty nationalism writ large over the world will stop bothering you. And the frame would be like the big evil Atlantic American empire.  came in and annoyed everybody for the last while, this type of thing. And you just do wonder, it's like, maybe that will come for like 20 years or something like this or 10 years, but that is guaranteed to break down into like small wars, which will eventually escalate into big wars. The second thing is that the nature of our century and our situation is not...  nationalistic. It's just not like that at all. The Cold War was ideological extremism. It's actually so fascinating. Looking into that Kennedy stuff has really red-pilled me on how crazy the second half of the 20th century was because it was like a Protestant Catholic war, but even like even wilder, you know, because it's like pure philosophical idea. It's like a Nietzschean moral war of ideology or something like this. And that was like vitriolic, ruthless. It took over the entire planet. There was fights everywhere. There was like overthrows, government overthrows. There was these radical reforms like Kennedy did in order to get what he got. And it was actually very like culturally stimulative. Like the Americans, while they were fighting the Soviets,  were like ascendant in every possible way they could. The 80s is this like pinnacle of Western culture in many ways. And it's very special way, of course. But yes, it is like this incredible moment. The second they beat them in the 1990s, you have the depression of grunge. Rock is dead. And that begins actually like the kind of spiraling of the woke into this nihilism because they don't have the great the great enemy anymore. This type of thing. And then you do wonder, like I look at it and I say, huh, is is the next big fight going to be actually more like maybe spiritual in that way? And it might actually come not as like great geopolitical forces. Maybe they'll latch onto it, but it might even be cleavages within within countries because our countries are so big now that you might see kind of maybe what you're seeing now. You'll see like counter elites show up.  within America, trying to claim America for themselves. I know people like Fuentes really don't like Thiel, but he's someone who's actually consistently asserting this idea that the bureaucratic regime is the Antichrist, and we need to break and go a different direction, and it needs to be sort of Chungus conservative accelerationism, like this kind of interesting, weird blend of these two, like Christian accelerationists, something like this. And he openly declares himself to be a Christian, and I think he used the word orthodox.  Which was curious in his interview with Douthat. But there are very few elites like that, really. They might be vaguely Christian. But with Teal, there's something else going on. He's like philosophically Christian, or so he claims. I guess the thing I'm trying to draw attention to is he is somebody who's asserting a different ideal. Musk seems to align with it. This is not a coalition that makes sense in many ways, but they see themselves as futurist accelerationists. And they blame the rest of the world as being like, you know, a deaccelerationist who is like a cold war in their heads where the rest of the world is trying to regress back into trad Chinese hesitancy and getting dragged back into, you know,  just sustaining reality as it is, and it kills innovation and bureaucracy. They're worried about getting consumed by the Leviathan of the bureaucratic state. Thiel calls that the Antichrist. And they're saying, oh, we want to accelerate. We want to shoot rockets up in the air. But then obviously that's not, I don't think that's actually, I find that fascinating. I actually think it's an interesting thing to explore, but I don't think it is any persuasive power.  Because if you look at, like, the right, the right want, they want a racial identity. That seems to be what's rising up in the white race right now across the youth, especially. They're like, we want a identity. We want something firm. It's actually what you used to talk about a couple of years ago, those identitarian questions. Before I went live character.  Yeah, before you started going JFK. Well, they held magnets up to my head and lowered my fear sensors as you were talking about. That's what happened, yeah. I've got a magnet on right now, yeah.  You could be, oh, if we plug the proto-neuralink, gotcha. Right. But if you unplug it, I just turn into MechaHitler. That's the issue. We've got to keep the magnets on constantly. Because, yeah, if you unplug it, I'll start ravaging the countryside as MechaHitler. So, you know, for everyone's safety. Exactly. Yeah. Well, okay. Let me pick up on a few things here and...  push back a little bit. So you are correct. I have read some, uh, reports on Peter Thiel's recent lectures on the Antichrist. And I wasn't invited, sadly. Uh, I,  I also listened to the entirety. I listened to it twice, in fact, of Teal's interview with Ross Douthat. And what you said is accurate, which is that he has a very curious version of the Antichrist.  And so we need to keep innovating and we need to overcome humanity itself. That's why he hesitated with should the human race persist. It's we need to become sort of cyborgs in the sense that we're escaping the flesh in this mortal coil and we're going to enter a new rational realm. I don't even know. But that is clearly a passion for him. And so the Antichrist is sort of Greta Thunberg.  whom he reimagines as a trad traditionalist peasant woman, which I guess is not too far off. You know, that's almost the essence of her, which is, you know, we want safety and security. You should live in an organic village and raise chickens and you'll be the baker and you'll be the clockmaker. And we'll all live in this little closed off tradition.  Crad community safely ensconced away from the outside world. And that is the Antichrist. It's very curious, but and he speaks sort of elliptically as well. But that's what seems to be driving him. We need to have more AI acceleration, more crypto acceleration, you know, robotics acceleration. But isn't it curious that this man  A strange figure, fascinating, maybe the most fascinating rich person there is. You know, Bezos, he just sort of wants like his hot wife and making money and like broadcasting football games and like he'll send a giant phallus into the sky and call it a day. Like he has mundane, totally understandable desires. Teal is something else. What does he want?  It's weird. We don't quite know. So he's the most fascinating rich person, I think, by by yards over the competition. But isn't it curious? Isn't it strange and contradictory contradictory that he has aligned himself with the MAGA Chud movement?  So his man, JD Vance, is only even possible as an obsequious servant of Donald Trump. He funds Republicans who say Trump is the greatest ever. He came out for Trump when there was a real social cost to it. Isn't it weird that he's attached himself to populism? Isn't there a contradiction? You said that many people are becoming  you know, enthusiasts of the white race and, and so on. And I, I don't doubt that. I definitely see that. I think we have entered like a new stage of, of, of politics, but yeah, We are talking about Maga Chuds here, and a lot of their fantasies they might call like the white race or something, but their real fantasy is consistent sex with a buxom blonde woman on a farm and stability, basically.  They don't want actual farm life where you've got to struggle to survive and so on. They want a sort of middle class rural existence where you can hang out and tweet about lifting weights and and great books and your wife is there, eager as ever, and you've got 12 children running around or something. It's a very idyllic sense. And they desperately want stability and safety and to go home again, to enter this rural LARP that seems to fascinate them. But so I guess what I'm saying is, Is there not this extreme contradiction between a frighteningly accelerationist person who might even want humanity to give way to technology at some point on the side of Teal aligned with this group of people who whose, I think, very worldview is sort of comfort and security? They don't want to die for anything. You know, one of my criticisms of their antipathy to Ukraine, which might be lessening here over the years, but their staunch antipathy to Ukraine is you don't want to die for Europe. You don't want to go toe-to-toe with the Ruskies and risk it all for our Aryan homeland. They don't.  They constantly say, stop sending money and lives. Let's just all come home and gather around the campfire and be happy with our, you know, government issued trad wives. That's what they really want. So what do you make of this? Like what's happening on the right? There seems to be just these glaring contradictions between between populism and technological acceleration.  It's definitely a situation, like you described, where no one knows what to do. The hegemon is stumbling and breaking down. It's almost like a Nietzschean description of decadence. It's not like woke decadence where people are doing transsexual surgeries and it's like, oh, that's degenerate. It's actually like the futility, the limpness of instinct, the pure, you know, proper definition of decadence that there is this breakdown happening. And it's almost like people are really struggling to seize it or see it even or like stand up and be like, let's let's go for something. We're saying like America's financial system is literally at the point of implosion. And the Russians and the Chinese are just sort of kind of like very tepidly, like whatever Ukraine, it's like Russia has kind of just sat there and held out and done war of attrition, which is what Russians do. But it's interesting because like, you know, if you were dealing with, you know, the Nazis, they would have been like, let's invade America or something like this. They would have just been like straight through the middle of Europe. That's true. If it was Stalin, you wonder, would he have just been like, all right, we'll go to France and then we'll decide if we invade England and America from there, this type of thing. So I do see that a little bit. And I think with someone like Thiel, I noticed that he is like at the very least trying to imagine because he's a very intellectual man and he's trying to imagine different possibilities and sort of saying like, all right, here's a way that we can spin the world and this type of thing. But I actually think he's become hesitant too. I think he's like got a lot of, I think with all the stuff now, him getting accused of being the Antichrist, I imagine that's just going to like just fall. freak him out he's gonna see Charlie Kirk and he's gonna be like man I don't even know do I want to do this like what am I trying to save the fucking world like who gives a shit look at Musk Musk burned through a load of his political capital and it's kind of like stepped out of the political game now at this point and Musk had all these like think of how Musk sounded six months ago where he was like we're going to Mars we're going to go to the American government We're going to create this accelerationist technological future estate, which is actually very in alignment with a sort of libertarian right wing identity that I thought was actually a decent idea where they would come in and say, no, we're going to be technological futurists with, you know, somewhat based cultural values. I could have seen that working, but it seems like that dream has completely fallen apart.  And it's kind of it's falling apart. It kind of it does look to me like this situation where there's just the crumbling of the great order. And then everybody's, you know, in a routed position trying to say to themselves, yeah, like nihilism. Someone just wrote in the chat. It's like it's sort of confusing, nihilistic. There's people don't really know where to go, what to do. And it looks like, you know, the end of Rome. And you have a chance where like a Christian movement could do something where the Romans can barely get themselves together because it's just like the decadence of instincts have taken place. Even I was looking at earlier about the origin of the Jewish religion, you know, the origin of the Hebrews, the Israelites. And then there's pretty good evidence that they came out of the collapse of the Assyrian Empire. And Josiah, this reformer, is like a nationalist nationalist. And he takes the old myths and he says, right, let's centralize these, bring them to Jerusalem and assert this Yahwehistic monotheism. And we're going to go with this. And it's like he's ballsy. He's got imagination. He kind of pushes through with it. So it kind of does feel like we're going into that vague time. I don't have any good answers, I'm afraid. I think someone like Thiel, people give him a lot of grilling. I think he's at least trying, you know, but I just think it's just not, it doesn't seem very attractive to be like we can all be you're right like I don't even know what is he is he saying well like Thiel what's your long-term goal are we all gonna become fucking cyborgs or are you telling us we're all gonna become based chuds because I actually don't know which direction we're going right now you know is it this type of thing and so there is this vagueness this like hesitancy lack of instinct if you will and it'll be very interesting to see where it goes yeah definitely  So let's talk a little bit about the brain here. Like, what is it? What's a good way into this? Maybe a good way into this is the two of us. Yeah.  Aren't we rather oddballs? What do you even make of the fact that the two of us are on the right, we talk about Europe, the white race, and all of that kind of stuff on a regular basis, and  And yet we're atheist isn't a pure version of what it means to be right. Nick Fuentes or even Charlie Kirk is a less intense example of that. Someone who is strong on God, strong on people, our friends and neighbors, our country first, et cetera. Isn't that sort of the went to essence of the right winger and people like us are mostly the exceptions that prove the rule or teal as well for that matter we're weird it doesn't even make sense that we're right wing if you kind of look at our thought process and background and so on  So what does that tell us about what it means to be right? Not necessarily in terms of ideas, although those are important, but just in terms of the psyche itself.  So the video I posted had two very strong pushbacks, which I think are good things to bring up. And one of them was what you said, the atheist right winger, if you so will, or the kind of quirky, you know, critically thinking free conscience right winger. You know, it's like, wait a second, that's not like a close minded chud. That's like, that's almost like, that's just a strange thing. And then the other was pointing out that like the left are perfectly capable of maniacal cognitive dissonance and collectivism in their own way. But I think just to get to those, because they are actually really interested in discussions, it's obviously first to lay out the case, because I was looking into this. I made that video because I was looking into a grounding for moral values, almost all politics I see right now. all culture I see right now is literally just a discussion about like, what are the right values? And it's, you know, as a Nietzschean, you see all this and it's, it's like, you're wearing those glasses that give you the red pill vision that no one else sees. You see that everyone's talking about morality. They're trying to ground their morality in some sort of  objectifying force. They're saying God makes us moral. A lot of people use psychological terms, I noticed as well. People will say stuff like, you know, the left will often say, oh, it's demonic, it's mentally ill to be hateful and stuff like this. And you see the right wing starting to call the left mentally ill. And then obviously then you see people like Jordan Peterson  James Lindsay, this is not a new thing. Everybody has seen this for years, but they'll be like, all right, they want a right wing that is deracialized, that doesn't have the aggressive nationalism, that's not a troll demon. Anything like that is woke right. And then James Lindsay is like, listen, hey.  You have the left who are woke because they are collectivist. And then you have the right who are woke because they are collectivist. Therefore, unifying force is collectivism. And this is like, honestly, nothing more to me just being like, that's stupid. It's actually kind of annoying that you have this term woke and it's not really that defined. It's not really clear. How do we ground these things? If there's going to be precise language, it's almost like doing what Orwell asks of us. If you're going to use words,  you know, use words, understand what they mean. They need to be precise. So it was like, I was like, all right, well, how would you come up with an, how would you come up with a grounding for these moral values? And people say, well, yeah, it's psychological going to the mind. It's, it's hate. It's obvious you shouldn't be racist because that's hateful. It's obvious you shouldn't be left-wing because that's mentally ill or something like this. And you're like, well, all right, what in the mind gives us these values? And then you go in and you, it's actually such a fascinating thing.  What are the neural circuits that produce our cognitive moral valences? What produces our values? Is there something in our minds that does this? This is a really interesting question. And it turns out there is. As I said in the video, there is like a circuit that you can inhibit that will literally change your moral valence towards being more secular liberal.  More open to foreigners and more atheist. You'll turn off God and turn on openness, which now I obviously say it in an inflammatory way. I say it turns off racism and makes you an atheist. But like it is fundamentally doing something quite strange where the function of this brain part is to assess threats and also to categorize you with your in group. And there's actually other neural circuits around it that I've been researching since that do all these very, very, very crazy things. There's one right beside it. And I think it's the ventromedial prefrontal cortex. So the one I talk about is the posterior medial. There was one called the ventromedial. And it modulates empathy in relationship to the in-group. So people can be very empathetic, but only to their in-group. And they can shut off that empathy to the out-group. And that's like...  You'll say stuff like and there's this same part. Guess when it gets triggered during religious rituals, during group communal rituals. So you're seeing within the brain this sort of grounding for an awful lot of we understand this as moral phenomenon. And I'm looking at all this and it basically rolls out into two interesting positions, which is turn this thing on. stimulate the posterior medial frontal cortex and you get Christian nationalism or race, religious nationalism, which is very interesting because there's there's so much even to go into that alone that is so fascinating because you see, obviously, you're familiar with the pagan chuds like I don't me and you Nietzscheans, we'd be there as well. It's like, how can you worship a Jew while being a nationalist? These things don't equate.  So there's obviously ironies here as well. But the very, very vague, broad concept is that like you, when somebody gets this sense of collectivism, political collectivism, in the most basic sense, they transform into religious nationalists. This is why you see the Polish become radical Catholics. The Irish become Catholics. Up in Northern Ireland, you had English Protestants fighting against Irish Catholics saying, we have the true religion and we have the true religion. And really, they were in a race war.  That was the point. It wasn't Catholic Protestant. And the same thing in Germany. You saw those things as well. So this is what you're seeing this turn on. This meta concept is there. And in some sense, and I'm not saying in an absolute sense, if you think even about what it means to be on the right wing, in a weird way, that is categorical of it. that there is this like, as we see this force rising up in the online right, which is maybe a very reductive version of what was there in the French Revolution, which was, you know, the glorious hierarchy of the ancient regime, that was the right wing, the defenders of the ancient regime. But now if we look at what's happening in the youth, another video I've done is talking about the fact that the Zoomers are becoming more religious,  They're actually the first generation to break the atheist trend, which is fucking nuts. And they're also becoming more nationalist. So we can go into that and you see it everywhere. Everybody sees this and the youth are like, like I'm at the point now where I'll talk to people who are, you know, teachers in school.  And they'll have these problems. I have some friends who do teaching and they'll have these problems where when they turn to go into the blackboard, the kids will all sing. And it's like, what is going on? What is going on in school? So there's clearly something happening. And if you look at the way the online right works, there's all this stuff of like black girl, sorry, black man stabbing girl.  Muslims, rape gangs. It's threat detection, threat detection, threat detection, stimulates this aggression and everybody becomes like, you know, they become identitarian. And this part switches on and they say, what is my identity? Well, either I'm a pagan nationalist, like survive the jive, or I'm a Christian nationalist, which is the vast majority of people. But nonetheless, I'm white and European. And then the opposite valence, as I said, is secular liberalism. It seems like you inhibit this, you get the opposite. You get atheism, combined with open-mindedness, which obviously very conveniently fits the broad understanding of a libertard, a liberal. But the caveat, because I was looking into, I was like, all right, what do these brain structures do? And I was, this floored me because I was like, wow, is this, am I the ultimate base, Chud? Have I found neuroscientific proof that being right wing is, you know, the way evolutionarily advantageous? But this part of your mind, when it's stimulated, that creates race nationalism, religious nationalism, this also generates cognitive dissonance. It is the thing that shuts off your conscience, kills your individuality, and makes you a collectivist. And I was like, that makes so much sense. Because you see with the right now,  people's minds are turning off. They're like, I don't give a fuck about Indians. I don't give a fuck about China. I don't give a fuck about the rest of the world. I want my identity. Give me Sidney Sweeney and the ad. I don't give a fucking shit anymore. This type of thing. And I was like, man, that's what you see happening. And the bias switches on. I was hanging around with some friends and we had this big argument because they were telling me science is Jewish. And I was like, look, man, maybe the Jews are bad. Maybe the Jews do bad things. Fair enough. We could talk about that, but like we're kind of going a little bit too far if we're if we're saying that, like, it's Isaac Newton, you know, well-known Jew. Yeah, I was like, I was like, I was like, lads, like what? What is? No, no, no. This is this is starting to get crazy. And this is the mind closing and narrowing and being like, it's literally pure identity. Yes.  Well, let me throw this out here. Do you think perhaps a right wing intellectual is sort of impossible in a way or or self contradictory? Because, I mean, let's just think about the idea itself. So. In the Platonic system, so at the very beginning of what we really know to be philosophy, philosophy before Plato, of course, but the idea is is separate from the person and separate from the material world and the lived experience. We have a notion of like the realm of forms as if it's sort of up there.  You know, in the heavens or something, but it's really in the language. It's in logos. It's in the dialectic. It's in the discussion. That is that you can start to get to the idea of the good or what is beauty is beauty that. attractive 17 year old girl you saw as you were walking over here to for our little, you know, philosophical meeting. Is that really beauty or is beauty something else? Is beauty found in language or is it, you know, is it is it up there? And so I guess what I'm getting at is that  In some ways, I wouldn't say science is Jewish. That's obviously absurd. But it's like philosophy is sort of inherently leftist. in the sense that at least what we know of philosophy, you are suppressing fear detection and you are attempting to grasp the idea itself. Even an anti-physical,  Platonists like me, like I would sort of admit that that's what we're doing. We're trying to find the truth in language. We're trying to find an idea out there, an idea that isn't Richard Spencer.  It's actually universally true. And in order to access that, you almost by necessity have to turn off the gene for threat detection, self-serving behavior, is this good for us kind of thing. You have to turn those off and pursue the truth. So isn't there a sort of contradiction to right-wing philosophy,  They're they're kind of rationalizing the status quo and anything. They're like, well, what you have to understand is that the way we live now, where we go to church on Sunday and then we go to work nine to five and we don't think too much about that Marxism stuff.  This is the best possible world. This is good. How do we know that? Well, it's mysterious because it's kind of God or something like that. It's not real philosophy. It seems to be a kind of the right-wing intellectual, conservative intellectual. It seems to be just a rationalization of what is. Well, real philosophy is about what is not. It's about separating yourself from the material world and accessing a truth that's beyond your interest, beyond yourself. And so in some ways, there is no conservative philosophy. And, you know, all of these things that we admire, like science, for instance,  it really is about maybe even closing your lying eyes. You know, if you trust your lying eyes, clearly the world is flat. But we actually had to sort of escape our own bodies, escape our own sensations in order to fully understand that, no, we're on a spinning orb that is circling the sun, which is circling other suns in this amazingly massive universe that we can't even comprehend. We have to suppress that. the here and now we have to suppress what is it what is for what to try to access what is not and so there can't be a conservative philosopher wow this is extremely depressing conclusion i just reached like honestly what you're saying though is is there's so much precision to this and i think it's so important to to meditate on this because ultimately like um right and left completely break down here because i don't think that's the right way to look at this i think that what you're saying though is is is way more profound than right and left it's way more profound than politics and the key to this is to look at um the opposite side of the the neuroscience thing i'm talking about is like, all right, well, the atheist libtard, the secular atheist, what do you see on that thing? So the Achilles heel of the chud right winger with the fired up posterior immediate frontal cortex is cognitive dissonance, which is fascinating. So nature wants us to be collectivized and to turn off our conscience and to turn off our individuality and to say science is Jewish. And you're like, fuck, okay, that's pretty fucking intense, damn. And then you're like, all right, maybe I should be a libtard then because I don't want to lose my conscience. Now, the Achilles heel, the catch, the catch-22, is that when you inhibit this part of your brain, yes, you actually do seem to become less cognitive dissonant. So you actually develop more of an individual concept.  You do de-collectivize to some extent, although we'll get into some of the caveats of this. But generally, it seems like what seems to be happening is you're becoming more individualized. You're becoming less attached to these group identities type of thing. But the big catch, the big catch is you... don't evolve you lose because the threat detection system is also the error and problem detection system it sits just uh above kind of the middle of your forehead just behind it and it looks for mistakes and if it sees a mistake it will say fuck i should fix this and then it will send a processing and then you'll come back the next day so you see a big rock you can't climb over you'll come back the next day you'll you'll have dreamed about it you'll be able to climb over turn that off you transform into a dodo you cannot learn meaning you cannot evolve you  He's anti-evolutionary. So the secular atheist liberal with the inhibited posterior medial frontal cortex is the Nietzschean last man. He does not transform. He is the end game. He is Fukuyama's end of history. He reaches there and he hits the thesis and he becomes this individual who is free and open and separate and atheist and comfortable. And then that's the end. It's like what happened in Rome?  before the fall of Rome. Rome was getting invaded, and Emperor Oniris, who converted the empire to Christianity, he went on this Puritan cleanse where he converted the whole empire to Christianity. Sorry, his father did. But he went around, he killed his best general at fighting the Goths because he was like, this dickhead isn't Christian enough. But he had no sense of outside threats. It's really bizarre. And he was this sort of anti-Roman. He was killing Roman nationalism and enforcing it.  And they came in and they said, the gods are plundering Rome. And he said, oh, yeah, he said, Rome has fallen. And he had a chicken called Rome. And he was like, oh, my God, Rome has fallen. There was no, I mean, the city. And he's like, oh, whatever. He just he just didn't have this Thumos. He's the end game. He's the last. He's the final man in the historical process. Spengler's last man as well. This type of thing. So that's the catch on the left side. And this is really intense because what I think you're seeing is the Nietzsche problem, the eternal problem, where if you want life, if you want to embrace the evolutionary process, you almost have to go against the will to truth. The will to truth is inhibitory towards life.  You have to take yourself out of it. As you said, you have to take your perspective out of it. You can't be an ideological right wing, quote unquote, philosopher. I don't think you can be anything ideological to be a philosopher. It's very normie to take, but it seems true. If you want to pursue truth, you need to be able to be anti-human. You need to be able to be anti-life. You need to be able to be all of these things. And if you want to engage in life, you need to be you need to be say to yourself, OK, I I will collectivism. I will cognitive dissonance. I will embrace cognitive dissonance. And I think this is what you see in like Plato. Plato's idea that you're going to need a noble lie because to be a chud, to engage in the world, you must become a chud in some sense. You must do this. But that is not truth. And this, like, probably one of the most fast, this is the next thing I'm really getting into right now. I'm actually writing a lot about this. I'll probably publish some of this stuff as a book, is looking at the origin, as I said, of the Bible, because you have the Jews in Israel, and they have followed the ultimate Zionist right-wing chud project. And what do you see happen here? You see them claim Gaza in 1950. Yeah.  claim the territory, claims Zion. And then you then have this ability for them to study their own history, which is this radical identitarian religion that makes total truth claims about reality itself. The Hebrew religion is so collectivized. It's so nationalist in so many levels. And you get Israel Finkelstein.  Israel Fingolstein is like a brilliant archaeologist. And he is he goes into Tel Aviv. He works there as a professor and he's going and looking at all the evidence and all the digs. And he discovers that, OK, let's just put it this way. The Jewish religion has historical basis, but it's very much an innovation that is nowhere like there's probably no Moses. The Exodus is very, very, very shaky. Probably didn't happen the way you think. And basically the totalitarian claims  it makes about the nature of reality. It really, the evidence doesn't support that. Things like Joshua, there's some interesting things where it's probably echoes or models of a historical reality, but there was no conquest of Jericho and stuff like this. So it's a total subversion. The truth is a total subversion of the Jewish story, total subversion. And so we have Israel Finkelstein who reads the evidence and what does he want to do? He wants to be a secular European. He has this European... a bad conscience where he's like, I want to be a lofty enlightenment intellectual because this is what all scientists want to be. So he wants to participate in this. And he goes and he reads the evidence and presents this idea to the Zionists. And he says, like, yeah, like we are, you know, our religion is probably not really straightforward. It's probably not true in many ways that we think he's a biblical minimalist. And then what do you get? You get Zionists, obviously, they're like shut out of them. And you also get evangelical Americans. One of his great rivals is Dever, William Dever over in America.  who go into, and what does Deborah call him? Deborah turns around to Israel Finkelstein, a Protestant Christian in America, and calls him a bad Jew, a post-Zionist is the word he means. Now, what is a post-Zionist? A post-Zionist is somebody who, because they have got Israel, because they've achieved Zionism, They no longer take the collectivist nationalist project serious because there's not enough threats for them to worry about it because they've won the empire. And so they start to they start to weaken. They stop fighting fervently for Zionism and to become essentially like a weak Zionist, a low Thumo Zionist that is not collectivizing properly. So we have these evangelicals accusing Finkelstein of being this.  And Finkelstein is trying his best, it seems, to tell the truth. He's trying his best to articulate what he sees and be a good European, a good secularist, this type of thing. And so I look at this and I think this is probably like one of the perfect examples of this story because that's an unbelievably difficult problem because if Zionism is to perpetuate itself, Originally, they discovered Hazor in 1950, which was destroyed by fire, which they thought meant that Joshua was correct. But because they found Jericho and A, they call it, it basically invalidates the story. So initially they confirmed their identity. And this is great because this gives them this fever where they own the promised land. It's a really powerful politicized force.  And it's right for them to take the Palestinians. Oh, this is another thing Finkelstein says. He said that the Israelites aren't a unique people. They actually come out of the Canaanites from the Levant. So they're not a separate people. They're emergent. They're the same. And then obviously DNA studies in 2020 did the analysis of the ancient people of Levant. And they were like, yeah, the Israelites came out of the Canaanites. They're not separate. And so this is a total subversion of the identitarian project.  But that's a very dangerous thing politically, but that's what the truth is. And there's all sorts of things you can go into with the Bible with that. But I don't know. Do you have any thoughts? I don't want to ramble too much. No, it's...  It's all very good stuff. I mean, I guess you could say with Israel Finkelstein, and this will maybe bring up a new theme that is productive, but that there's a sort of demoralization to doing history and a demoralization to being woke. And I think that is why people react against it to such a degree.  So what is it that bothers Christian nationalist Republicans about wokeness? It's about looking a little too precisely on the matter. And this is something I remember talking with an academic agent about, which is that when you go to a history book, You need to make sure that the historian is a left wing, possibly homosexual shit lib, because that's the only way you're going to get the truth if you want the truth. Now, if you want a fable, then you can certainly just read some, you know, conservative historian who's going to tell you how wonderful it all was. But if you actually want the hard truth to kind of like lift up the rock and look at all the like bugs running around in there, kind of like look up the skirt, you know, lift it up and like, whoo, you know.  you got to go to leftist because they are driven by resentment. And so they are going to uncover all the nitty gritty and, and gore basically present. They're going to tell you, they're going to give you the straight dope. And I think there is this way in which conservative, the way they see woke, it's, it's not, it's not entirely about like sexual novelties or,  or or insanity, it's the fact that the wokesters are, in fact, too accurate. You know, you've seen I've seen these reports about famous paintings of slaves being removed from Washington. This there's a very famous photograph of a slave who's clearly been abused, and he has just these uh scar formations and and maybe even fresh lashes on his back and he's he's turning towards the camera it's it's grotesque he bears the the sins of the white man just on his person he gives us just an unadulterated glimpse of what we did in order to to birth this country and so the conservative you can't reasonably deny slavery you can't reasonably deny that we had a system of white supremacy across the whole country but especially in the south it's basically this let's stop talking about this we have these nice fables Don't you know about how the founders believed that all men were created equal and King George just did it. And so we had to go to war to prove that, you know, man is good or something like that's what they want to believe, because that is a moralizing use of history. And this Israel Finkelstein person who I'm definitely going to buy his book right after the show.  he's kind of getting, he's being a little too accurate for the Israelis. For what is Israel but a fabulous political entity? And I mean, it's literally a fable. If you talk to Benjamin Netanyahu,  We came home again. In fact, we were here one time with, you know, King David and even the second temple after Babylon. It was great. We are the indigenous people of this land. The reality is that that history that you read in the Tanakh is almost entirely fabulous with some like real historical figures thrown in for good measure. You know, a Cyrus here, a Nebuchadnezzar there. But...  Yeah, there is no Moses. Who is this Pharaoh that's mentioned in Exodus? We don't know. These are obviously allegorical tales that are used to justify a new politics and a new people. It's like nation building in the biggest sense of the word. You know, I saw this...  program on Apple TV. And I actually didn't even finish it because it kind of bored me. But the premise is sort of fascinating. It's called Silo. And it's all of these people who are living in a silo. Have you seen this one or heard about it? Okay, so it's a sci-fi dystopian thing, and they're all in the silo, and they don't know why they're in the silo, and they don't fully know what is going on outside, although they sort of...  All believe that it's radioactive and you're just going to die if you leave the silo. But it's this people with an absence of history. And if you go around trying to dig up artifacts, you can be cracked down upon by the elites. So they're sort of keeping themselves in this homey environment. Well. I don't know how it ends, but one of one thing you could do with a population like that and even a population like what we have now, where we're not reading books, we we're not we're not paying attention at school. We're drug addled social media addled idiots. Is that this type of. person that's just living in the immediate present constantly is sort of a perfect type that could become a nation with the right sort of moralizing fable. People can't distinguish between AI content and reality. They're psychotic. There's been a break from reality. They are primed  for the introduction or inception of a new story. Did you know, like this, this is who you really are. You know, you, I, I'm just thinking the, the Mormons, like Jesus came to Missouri or that, or that's where the garden of Eden is. Jesus came here in North America during his travels. And that's why we've got to go back to Utah or whatever the hell the Mormon story was. You, you get this,  sort of radically present population, idiots, if you will, and you form them into a nation. And that's why I don't think that Jews proper existed before the Bible.  We've always gotten it wrong. We think that the Bible is a chronicle. Now, might there be magical elements? Might there be poetic refinements? Of course there are reasonable people, but the Bible is a chronicle and we can go find the kingdom of David one day. You know, maybe we could even dig up Moses's bones or at least find artifacts that prove that that story is more or less right. We won't find the mana maybe, but we could find some like, you know, little, little,  bit and piece that will show the trail that they took from, from Egypt to Canaan. This is the exact opposite way that you should see the Bible. I think there is a deep Jewish history. And this is something that Mark Brahman has, has promoted. It's a key idea and what we're working on. And it's a dramatic radical idea, which is that there is this long Jewish history that  Proto-Jews that are stretching to the Bible. I absolutely affirm that. But there weren't Jews proper until they have the book. The book comes first. The fable comes first. And then the people. And 2,000 years later, you can even have a nation state with nuclear weapons that is...  on the world scene, kicking ass, etc. You can have that after that literary fable has been generating in people's minds for centuries, mutated into Christianity, inflected people who aren't even Jewish.  So life imitates art. The story comes first and then the reality. The idea has to be there before material reality can reflect the idea. It's really the total reversal of what everyone believes is to be true. Fantasy is more important than reality. Yep.  Yeah. I like this going into everything we just said here. Oh man, there's two things I want to get into. So I really want to get into Gnosticism because I think it like just shows so much of  of what this is actually goes into Christianity, but just briefly on the Jews. So you're talking about that. That's like Nietzsche's use and abuse of history, you know? Yeah. It's this thing where the fantasy enters in the mind and this actually motivates the will to take action towards some tangible end. And so when you look at what Finkelstein is basically saying is he's describing the  ancient Levant as having Canaanites who are essentially just like the native people. They actually came in in the Bronze Age from the Caucasus. They're conquerors from the Bronze Age. They're there. They're just normal tribal people, the same as the modern Arabs. I think they're probably genetically similar to the Palestinians as well. They're just the native people of the Levant. They're stuck between Egypt, they're stuck between Syria up north, and they're stuck between Babylon later. And there there is this thing among these people they're pagans you know so they have this very ancient memory there is these hyksos who do go into egypt and then they do actually leave egypt so it looks like moses and the israelites but of course the hyksos they eat pork the hyksos are a military elite the hyksos like don't they write down there they sorry create monuments and they don't for example write down anything about yahweh so it's very clear that the hyksos aren't these people they're just people from this period and  Hazor, as I said, was invaded, but the sea peoples invade when Hazor goes down. So people think, all right, the sea peoples probably just invaded the spot, something like this. So there's foundations. But what happens during the breakdown of the Assyrian Empire in the 700s BC is Josiah, who in the Bible is considered the most pious king ever, and he gets a shining review, which is quite interesting. Josiah comes in, and Josiah discovers that  The new book of the law, because apparently one of the priests is renovating the temple. And he's like, wow, I just found this book. And it's just all the laws completely reformed. So he's like, wow, this is excellent. And then Josiah reads this book and he's like, by God, wow, we should really go back to this perfect book that we just discovered. And so all of a sudden they bring in monotheism. They start to discipline and get rid of paganism. They start to you see Yahweh become more exclusive. You see this type of stuff.  So it's like there's this ethnogenesis happens as the collapse of the Assyrian Empire happens. And of course, the story is that there's these horrible Egyptians who enslaved us. Now, the opposite is true. Some Semites who were eating pork and weren't Israelites went into Egypt as conquerors.  and got expelled 200 years later. But now, at this point, during Josiah's period, what is the danger? As Assyria falls, Judea could get conquered by Egypt, who was down south. So what is the threat detection story? These horrible Egyptian slavers.  took our father, Moses, into slavery. So what we need to do is be wary of these. And then what's the next story? We own all of this territory. We are the people of the promised land who conquered Hazor, who conquered all these periods. The fantasy justifies Josiah's aspirations. Now what happens to Josiah?  The Egyptians realized that this dude is setting up a nation, so they call him. They say, hey, come down and have a chat. And so Josiah's like, all right, we'll do a deal. They kill him. They break him down and they're like, you know, Iron Age mode. They're like, sorry, buddy, you shouldn't have come to this. Bang. Well, stab. You're gone. And then the Babylonians come. So almost immediately afterwards, the Jews are actually enslaved. They barely even get to put their nation together, it seems. And then this is when you see the Torah show up, which is like this decentralized identity.  So you have this ethnogenesis. It's genius. And it's based on fantasy. And very quickly, it has to innovate. And the Jews are geniuses. When you start to read this, you're like, these are like the best nationalists you could ever hope for. And you know what it reminds me an awful lot of is the Irish nationalism, because as the British Empire was breaking down, We have Yeats, William Butler Yeats, and he's crafting the Celtic identity and loads of other people were doing this. And of course, we know now from genetics that the Celtic identity is actually a bit of an error. It's not really correct. But my God, did it work when we wanted to break away from Britain? Because it said that we're these parochial Celts from the noble people who Caesar interacted with. That gives us an identity against these British Germanics that are coming in and telling us that we are Aboriginals, you know, that tells us we're black people. No, we're Celts.  And that's very functional. It's a very powerful mythos. And our trad music and all that is very powerful. We win our empire and sorry, we win our nation in the 1920s. And then we do modern genetics in the last 10 years. And we discover we're actually not Celts. Weirdly, we're actually the bell beakers who were a thousand years before, which is like, you know, even crazier than we might think. It's actually a very, very strange story, but it completely head fucks the identity we have. We then look at the British.  And the British have basically the same amount of Celtic DNA as we do. Some of them might even have a closer affinity to the Celts because the Celts were continentals. And so it's like there's all these like weird things that blow up this. And it shows you the fantasy, the Celtic identity, the Josiah's religious identity. These things are so profound.  in their ability to stimulate huge historical change, even if they might not be true. They might be based on sloppy mitts, this type of stuff. So I think that's a big one. I could go into Gnosticism and all this now, but I'm not sure if you have any thoughts on that. I would like to go into Gnosticism. Yeah, I think we're both sort of in parallel on fantasy and reality, and the story has to come first before the nation. You create the nation.  out of the fable. Yeah, we are 100% in line on that. So yeah, let's talk about Gnosticism. I mean, what do you mean by that exactly? Obviously, the Gnostic is the knower. We don't fully understand what Gnostics believed coming out of the time of Christ, but there's a... You know, a basic groundwork that I have read that really depicts a kind of antagonism between Jesus and Yahweh in a way that there's this Yahweh that comes after the creation by Elohim, I would imagine. Correct me if I'm wrong.  And he is sort of a tyrannical terrorist of a God and in contradistinction to Jesus. But but perhaps I'm mangling it. Does that get your mind rolling? The way you're describing is much more elegant than the approach I was going to take, because this kind of calls back to the secular atheist woke thing, because as you know, I'm trying to define the values. I'm like a student of James Lindsay, let's put it this way. And James Lindsay's accusation against the woke right is that like, all right, wokeism is this collectivism  that comes from, it's dark Gnosticism. And the woke left are a dark Gnostic cult. The woke right are a different version of that same Gnostic cult, and Gnosticism is bad. And there was some conservative thinker in the 70s, I think, I don't remember his name, Eric something, and he said that the... Oh, yeah. What is his name? Don't eminitize the Theolaton? Yes. Yeah. What is his name? Yeah.  Eric Vol, I think it's a V, Vol to something. Maybe someone. Yeah, Eric. I'm. I'm. It's funny, as you get older, you just forget these names. Did someone put it in the chat? Vogelin? Yeah. Yes. Yes. so eric vogelin um and he's kind of like you know you talked about your conservative intellectual he's like yeah don't don't don't politicize spiritual anguish don't politicize spiritual desires this type of thing which is a pretty fair it's like a kind of union thing you know understand that like the the turmults in your soul dostoevsky blaming the russians of being possessed by demons and extrapolating them out into the communist revolution And, you know, in his book, The Demons, well worth a read, although it's a bit of a slog, but it kind of goes into this. And yeah, this is like this position that what we have is people you have in the left winger, this desire to overthrow the world and reform all of morality because they are actually secretly agnostic that is at war with the world. And James Lindsay takes this and says, yeah, well, this is like, you know, intellectual heritage here of someone who saw this. And the right winger like this, the right wingers coming in and saying, oh, well,  I hate the Jews. The world is wrong. The value system of the establishment is wrong. And, you know, Lindsay is selling like centrism, basically this type of thing. And I've actually thought this before, like Lindsay, I don't think Lindsay's necessarily wrong, but I actually think he didn't really go into it enough because  I remember like seeing these patterns before and I was like, all right, this is interesting. So I'll give you an example. You have wokeism and in many ways I would define it as like a Nietzschean life denial in many of the ways it presents its values. So for example, if you look at like the kind of classic orientation of most of their positions, you will see there will be like, all right,  I abort my children. I understand some people will not like some of the things I say here, but they'll say stuff like, my child is a parasite. When you have a baby, it's actually a parasite on the mother. And that's bad. The idea of a nation is bad because that's  you know, selfishness about you succeeding and projecting your life out into the world. The concept of gender comes from mother nature, which is evil and wrong. And I should be defined by my divine spark in my mind. I imagine myself as having a gender, as having something else that is separate. So there's this idea that the imagination should be completely free from the burdens of reality and the burdens of reality are evil.  gender roles, the obligations of life, the racial collectivism, as I spoke about before. Sorry to break in here. Isn't there a fascinating analogy here with Thiel? Because isn't Thiel saying this in so many ways? He is agnostic according to this definition. Because he said a provocative statement in his book, dialogue with Douthat, where he said, you know, the real criticism of transgenderism is is not that the gender goblins have gone too far. It's that they haven't gone far enough, like just slicing your genitals off. You know, it's not again, it's not that that's the avant garde. It's that that's the rear guard. You're you're you're botching the whole thing. We need to be transformed into the Holy Spirit.  You're just putting some fake tits on and cutting your balls off and becoming a woman. You're a gender goblin. That's some botched version of what you should be doing as a Christian, which is totally escaping the mortal coil. You're trapped in the mortal coil. You're trying to change the mortal coil or rearrange it, whereas you need to be transcending it.  I absolutely agree. I think that's a really good observation. Because it's the same psychology. It's that idea. Because Theo's obviously very smart. And you find with a lot of homosexuals, like I've known plenty in my life, they tend to be very intelligent people. They're introspective, the sensitive young man, like it's this type of archetype. And they tend to be very confused. There was one guy in college who was like this. And I used to get on great with him. I used to talk to him all the time. And he was very smart. We've heard the stories. Yeah. yeah i'm like yeah we we get into all this and then he he he had very similar world models as you're describing and i think the reason why i point out the woke is because i think it's just a very easy way to to see this that you look at um i was reading some of the school shooters for example there's some of those transsexual school shooters and you see this world model show up they're like my divine spark is trapped in this yeah there's no justice in this world yeah and  And like, this is crazy. Like some of them, for example, Audrey Hale said, we school shooters are gods because we're destroyers of this reality, which is fake and a lie. Now the Columbine shooters, get this right. The Columbine shooters had just watched the Matrix. So the Matrix dropped, I think like two weeks before the Columbine shootings and they dressed up in the leathers of the Matrix. If you go look at it, I think one of them is like dressed up in those long leather suits.  And they said the matrix was right. What we need to do is I think it's induced terror or wake people up. We need to do it. We need to become something that shocks them or something like this. And then they prowl through the school, killing all these people, this type of thing. So there's this sort of like very interesting spin because there's a form of Gnosticism. That's like, we want to,  We want to understand where Buddhist divine spark, enter nirvana, don't hurt the world. There is definitely that version of it. But this is also, like, this is something you see. It's the overturning. If the demiurgh owns reality, why can't you attack reality? Why can't you hurt people? Why can't you kill people? If the demiurgh is here, your job is to free people. Why not shoot them? Why not free them? And obviously not Fed posting here, but this logic shows up. No, no, I understand what you're saying. Is suicide a kind of escape, the ultimate escape? No.  You know, your spirit goes up and your body just withers away. Let me give you an example of this. So I was like thinking of that. And then obviously you look through history. Do you remember Heaven's Gate? Yes, I do. Yeah. 1997 San Diego, Marshall Applewhite, a Christian. The aliens were going to rescue them or something. Isn't that what they believed? Oh, wait until we get into this. So Applewhite formed a little cult.  And he harvests people into this cult. And he's kind of like a monk. He calls them. He actually does this since like the 80s. And he basically says to them this weird mixture of end of times American Christianity and this like Gnostic idea and UFOs. And they're all blends together. It's very 1960s. And it's very quirky. They're like Applewhite. And they've got all these funny things that they do. and he um puts out videos i think or he puts out some information somewhere he's a very early innovator with the internet and he gathers people towards this cult and people go to this cult and you actually there's youtube videos of him talking that you can go and check out like he explains what he is he's and he like he doesn't blink or anything he's like you're like that that's obviously a cult i wouldn't join that but his thesis his idea is that this world is fallen you've heard it before this reality that we're in this earth is is a poisoned spiritual atmosphere and we're slaves to this world and what happens in this world is that we are imprisoned in our bodies which are also spiritually chained to this world they're almost like they're heavy is the way he says they're vessels that tie us to this world and the sexual impulses that we have spark and shoot inside of our minds and pull us down into our urges it's very gnostic and There's this other world called Next Level, where these, and he uses this term, transhuman entities exist that are genderless, that are not tethered by the vessels of this world that live in different bodies. And these aliens, they're pure imagination, basically, that live in these very special bodies that facilitate this and don't scour them with hunger that makes you have to kill animals and don't bring you down to sexuality that makes you compete and want to fuck and hurt people, this type of thing. They're unanimalistic.  They're pure. They're Gnostic. They're the divine spark. So he preaches this and he says that that next level is it's full of aliens, this type of thing. And he says that there's these aliens sometimes come to Earth and harvest the chosen ones, the special people who realize that they are trapped and have a divine spark. And he says, of course, these people listening to me, I'm a messenger. Jesus Christ was a messenger. Many people were a messenger.  And you can come and join my cult. And what does he do in this cult? He says, if you join our cult, we will prepare for the end. So it's like a Christian end of times cult. You come and you join and we'll hang out together. They actually did made internet websites. So they all got together in these like big compounds and made internet websites. They de-gendered themselves. So they all dressed up in like track suits and shaved their heads and Applewhite himself castrated himself.  One of them was a nurse and they castrated a few of them. And obviously, like one of them almost bled out. So they just sent people to get castrated at the hospital thereafter. And this idea was preparing themselves to leave their vessels. And then what happens is Applewhite says towards the end of it,  Oh, my God. OK, when this comet comes, the Hale-Bopp comet, it's going to open up a portal, the gate to heaven, and we can all enter into this. And what we're going to do is we're going to go. The aliens are going to come and bring us aboard a spaceship. And on that spaceship, they will chemically and biologically transform us. They will get rid of our bodies and transform us into these angels and we'll become like the angels. And so the way we're going to do this is you're all going to come into, we'll go to our compound. And when the Heaven Gates portal opens, we'll all take cyanide and smother ourselves. And so they all put bags over their heads, one after another, put purple robes on themselves and all smothered themselves, suffocated themselves. And then  They went for it. The entire 39 people all committed suicide. It was a total suicide cult. Now you see all that stuff and you're saying to yourself, those people are taking their philosophy seriously. Those people are, Thiel says, people don't go hard enough with their ideas. I'm like, that's someone who has conviction. Now, then the next thing that obviously started to tickle in my mind is that I obviously see like the transhuman relationship with the woke and the kind of death cult nature to it. I think that energy is very present. It's a very heavy spiritual anguish in Western culture as a whole. And it's like Nietzschean nihilism. When Nietzsche says nihilism and life denial, I think this actually colors in what he sees as a great threat to life. Because if you really like go this direction, this is what can happen to you.  And you wonder then, like, why he is so mean to Christianity. Because, of course, if you look at the origins of Christianity, this is all over the place. Very famously, Gnosticism was a big problem for the early Christians. The first canon of the Nicene Creed, this blew my mind. What's the first canon of the Nicene Creed, Richard?  Our father who, or we believe in one. The Nicene Creed organized by Constantine. They all get together in Byzantium or Constantinople. And they sit down and they say, what's the minutes of our meeting? What's the first thing we're going to talk about? The first canon, go look it up, is we must stop castrations.  The first canon is too many people are castrating themselves. And if they're to be a part of our church, they can't castrate themselves. We can't have castratis. Now think about what's going on. Think about that. So Gnosticism, life denial to the rigorous... Was this the cult of Sybil as well that I think Paul... So there's this... Yeah. There was this explosion. Yeah. Yeah.  There was an explosion of like a million. Because the thing is, Christ was like a total inhibited posterior medial frontal cortex, open-minded wild man. So there was a million Gnostic cults. There was these guys called the Valesians. They lived in North Egypt.  And they used to, they used to, they all castrated themselves. And when they would catch merchants, they would castrate them. And when people came to visit them, who were friendly to them, they would also castrate them as well. There was this other cult, this is so crazy, called the Ableasons, I can't really pronounce these guys.  These guys, the Abel guys, they believe that Cain and Abel was a Gnostic story. And we live in a false world because Cain was the one that we all come from. So Cain, life is evil because we are from Cain. And Abel was the righteous one. So they denied life. They followed this Gnostic cult where they fully denied life. So they did this thing where they never had sex.  But they still tried to create lineages. So what they did is they would adopt two kids, a boy and a girl, and form a married couple that would not consummate the marriage and have sex. They'd adopt two kids. And then when those two older parents would die, the two kids would get married and then adopt two more kids. And they tried to create this hereditary thing without sex. But a descending... pyramid that would end up in extinction you're just sort of it's it's weird if you can yeah if you can harvest orphans because they would go to orphanages and get these kids you never you never die out so it's purely intellectual they're passing on this gnostic cult  with no sex. It's like so crazy. And the church basically showed up to them and said, listen, we're going to oppress most of the Gnostic cults. You guys are fucking nuts. You're either going to become Catholic or like, you know, we'll terminate you. Because like you said, the cult of Sybil, there was loads of stuff like this. Yeah.  And like, the thing is, is that Christ's story very easily justifies this. You look, everything I was saying about the posterior medial frontal cortex and all this, think about it. You have in Judea at the time, a load of hard right should nationalists, all of us being like,  We need to Hitler again. We need to go hardcore nationalism. The zealots, the zealots are the perfect example. The zealots were literally killing Jews who were not nationalist enough against the Romans. And what do the Sadducees do? People say the Pharisees killed Jesus. That's actually a little bit of an anachronism because it's the Sadducees who control the temple. And they saw Christ as this threat to the authority of the Sadducees and the coherency of the Jewish nation that was trying to hold itself together against the Romans. And the high priest who condemned Jesus, he was a Sadducee. And so you have all these factions that are preparing for the revolution that got Judea destroyed.  And then you have Christ show up, and Christ is like the ultimate woke libtard. I know some people get offended. I don't mean it this way, but he is coming and saying, Nietzsche points this out. He's a mystic. He's saying your conscience, your kingdom of heaven is within you. It's pure Gnostic conscience. The entire world needs to be denied for you to realize what you are. And this is what Christ is like. He's a total...  individualist in a weird way. And this is so subversive to the goals of evolutionary life. It's so subversive to the Jews that the Jews are freaking out about it. And then the early Christian cult is just entire life destroying. It's like a Gnostic madhouse. And what do the church have to do? The church come in switch on the pmfc they collectivize they shut down individualism and they dogmatize and standardize everything they ban books they ban the gnostic gospels they clear out gnosticism they clear out life denial and transform christianity into a quasi-pagan life cult and so when people are like you know looking at christianity in a weird way we're actually seeing the version of it that god transformed into a nietzschean project perhaps or a life-affirming project  As opposed to what it really was. Christianity is certainly a fertility cult, and Christianity certainly has been able to flirt with power or even marry into power. And that does go against Jesus's message. The fertility cult may be a little bit less so, but Christians have tons of babies, and basically Christianity's like a vine, it attached itself to the development of the state and the development of power where you have Christian kings, obviously, and even in our day and age of Barack Obama will  Thank God after a State of the Union address. God bless America and so on. So clearly it can make an arrangement with power. And that's been its way of perpetuating itself. But there is this sort of inner Christianity that you are discussing, which is antithetical to all of those things. Antithetical even to fertility, if you take the word seriously. remarkable yeah yeah like and that's it's really what i'm i'm taking all these giant motifs and i'm just looking at history through them and like it's it's very always be cautious when you're trying to project neuroscience thousands of years in the past and obviously like you know it's not perfect but i do i do find it very fascinating i think like when we see nietzsche accuse it of life denial and  He runs into a lot of problems because a lot of Christians say this. They say, oh, listen, Christianity is like perfectly capable of promoting life. It is very life affirming. And should Christianity is perfectly possible. You see this Christian nationalists are like, oh, we want a racist Christianity that wants to have loads of babies and politicized towards like the emperor Trump. And it's very fascinating because in a way. what they're doing is they're just switching on that part of their mind and they're just completely fantasizing what the religion is in order to live but why like how could we be against that that is actually a natural thing to do but then you look at like what christianity is it's all it's in some sense this is almost like a pro-christian argument  If God was to want to play a trick on our minds to wake us up, maybe this is how we do it. What you have at the origin of it is like the ultimate life denier, the ultimate Gnostic destroyer of all life and impulses, the pagan Roman unconsciousness that carries out the crucifixion, the zealotry of the Jews all conspire together to destroy everything. god himself who is the free conscience and this this is this is the origin of this and it's like 300 years later during the council of nicaea the first thing that they have to address is that too many people are being gnostic and castrating themselves and attacking life on that fundamental level right that we need to fix this we need to to turn it into something that's fighting so i look at all these themes and i'm like man seeing these, like, great forces currently present, and you say to yourself, like, okay, what I'm pointing out as well is that, like, the rise of the Christian nationalists, the rise of right-wing Christianity, like, this seems like this enormous hiccup for it.  Because we're at this point now where I think we've been through Christianity. This is kind of a Jungian idea. We've been through Protestantism. This is like an idealistic idea. We've actually gone through this liberation of our conscience. And America is this liberal, open-minded nation. And we've got the internet. We've got more information than we could ever want. We have Israel Finkelstein red-pilling us on the origin of the Judea. And people are actually trying to pull us back into older identities. And I'm not sure that's going to fly as well as people hope.  I'm not sure it will be possible to close the mind in the way that is necessary. And even like to be a true Christian is in some sense to be an absolute like pure conscience destroyer of everything. Almost like you almost have to be woken away to do it properly and to really see things clearly. And so we have this like really big problem because there's this huge urge where people want to embrace life.  And we don't want to be, you know, anti-white hatred, destroy ourselves. We don't want to be depoliticized. We don't want to be sterilized. I get that anti-woke. Like, I really understand that. And, you know, Nietzschean embraced life. But then on the flip side, there is this huge urge for truth. I don't think anybody on the Internet would like the idea of a firm, hardcore Council of Nicaea coming in and just censoring everyone and saying, no, this is we're going to do things in the life cult now and you don't get to talk.  You can't conspiracy. Imagine if you told people no conspiracies about Charlie Kirk's assassination. It just would not fly. We're in the era of the free conscience, this type of thing. And it seems like this is a phenomenon. So all I'm pointing out here is I see a big paradox and I'm wondering, I wonder this, this might be the nature of how things get resolved.  Yeah. Yeah. The paradox makes it fascinating. I have one quick point. I know we've been going two hours and I actually have to go in. I have a sort of hard out. So I in 30 minutes. So I sort of want to bring this conversation to a close. So let me just revisit something that I haven't talked about. I haven't thought about even before.  for a number of years, and that's why I just sort of botched it. So it is Eric Vogelin, is I guess how you would pronounce it in German, and it is immunitized the eschaton, and it's basically making the ideal real is one way of translating that. So don't create heaven on earth.  That's what that's at the heart of communism is at the heart of Marxism. You know, that secular evil Jew that right wingers point out at the heart of his message is Christianity. It is basically we will one day is break the change. The Eschaton is someone pointed out in the chat is how you best pronounce it. Sorry.  Break the chains, escape oppression, and go to heaven. And that is at the heart of communism. It is that urge, that desire for something wonderful. What Fugelin is saying is you cannot do this in this world. It has to simply remain an urge. Right?  So you can experience that passion in church. You can experience that passion when you read the Bible. But it has to remain in the mind. And if you try to make the ideal real, it's going to end up as a bloody mess. And, you know, to his credit, that's what communism ultimately ended up as.  I don't know how many people died, but the hundred million numbers thrown out there. A century of making the ideal real led to camps, torture houses, invasions, famines, death, et cetera. But I guess the only thing I would point out here is like, To go back to the notion that fantasy is more important than reality, and the story of the people comes before the people itself, is that why plant that idea in the mind if you're not going to act on it? You know, it's like someone like Fuglielin wants to keep that Christian urge, impulse, and kind of in like a trophy case, like, you know, you go over and you look at that, oh, look, there's revolutionary utopianism, and it's in a museum, you know, and if you get too close to it, like, there's a motion detector and an alarm will go off. He wants to protect it, but why even have it if you're not going to act on it?  Why would we be given these dreams if we weren't going to try to realize them? And in that sense, I think Marxist and communist are better Christians than these conservatives. They're more in touch with the real message of Christ, however it might be expressed, than some conservative who just wants to go to church on Sunday and  Just a thought. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you know, what does Jesus say? It's like, I'm not here. I did not come to bring peace. I came to bring a sword to divide house against house, family against family, father against son. And it is, it is interesting to think that like,  If you take the evil frame, if you take the Gnostic frame, what is their understanding? What is their moral valence? So as I'm pointing out about these brain sections and everything, the right moral valence is life versus death, it seems. And again, the right is not maybe the best idea here, but in some sense, a life affirming cult like modernist nationalist Christianity, which is not a true cult, but it is a life affirming. It's paganism with new faces, this type of thing.  They are affirming life. Now, what does life affirmation mean? It actually means unconsciousness. It means just like let go of the paradox, allow cognitive dissonance to take over, go get the girl, go to church, go to the community and just lock in and just like participate and become habitual. And like maybe, you know, I know you eat that steak every night and you feel big and strong. There is a slaughterhouse somewhere where an animal gets blasted to pieces and all his flesh is shredded off. But let's just not think about that. Let's just go with life and accept that it is good and let God tell us that he chose mankind to rule over the animals and we'll just be at peace with that. And as much anguish as you might see in like the vegan trying to red pill you on this.  Just ignore that. They're trying to seduce you to death because that's what they are doing. They're trying to get you to doubt life. By demoralizing you, by looking at the factory farm and all its horrors. Yes. 100%. So their valence is like avoid death, embrace life. But that also means embrace unconsciousness.  Then you flip on the other side. What is the Gnostic idea? It's avoid unconsciousness and embrace awakening. The problem is that like awakening, people are like, well, awakening, it means everybody's going to become spiritual. No, it means everyone's going to become Schopenhauer. It means everyone's going to be like, oh, my God.  So we have, what, 9 billion people on Earth? A factor of 10, 90 billion animals are killed every year in slaughterhouses. That's what being woke is. That's a red pill. And you participate in that. And there's no justification for it. Like, how can you hold up any concept of morality if you're going to say animals can get killed? Because all your morality is based on lofty ideas like suffering. So it is very, very caustic and revolutionary. And there is this concept then where out of the Gnostic or out of the life denier or out of the one who... refuses unconsciousness, it gives you that revolutionary capacity where you can become a changer, a force of change of some sort. And this is like, you know, the secular liberal. And it's a bit of a problem because the awoken one is fundamentally tied to denial of life they are a death cult and that's very dangerous and i think this is i think this is the essence of nietzsche at his highest level he was actually wrestling with these two forces and he himself i'm not sure he really understood how to process them because he himself is like a libtard he's like anti-german he's anti-christian he's pro-french he's pro-jewish from one's point of view yeah yeah yeah i understand what you're saying  Yeah. And so, so he's like weird, like Nietzsche's weirdly woken away, you know, but at the same time, the other side of him is like, I, the reason why he's angry at Christianity is angry at like everything is because of the, he's like, I want a philosophy that really embraces life. He looks at the Bible and he says the old Testament's based the good God of the new Testament is cringe is too, too soft.  He's too cosmopolitan. I like the Old Testament because they're nationalists, because there's a story of a people, because he's violent, this type of thing. So there's this very interesting interplay and flow and balance here that's an unbelievably difficult paradox. And even Nietzsche's breakdown fundamentally was defined in these terms, Dionysus versus the Crucified. And, um, as I said, like you're looking at this anguish rise up and on the right, all across the right is this feeling that we're getting seduced into a death cult. So they're like, I want to embrace life and Christianity and nationalism and paganism, whatever it is. But then a lot of it is, is a seduction to unconsciousness, a seduction to not know. I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to find out about science. That's Jewish fuck off. Right. But then on the other side, there is this, uh, The woke were maybe trying to red pill and radicalize the world, you know, the liberal project of transforming the world. But they're infected by the philosophy of death. And they might have almost dragged us into a death cult if we were not careful to push against this. How do you is there some sort of synthesis of the Hegelian opposites where you can take the life and take the consciousness, blend them together? Is that the ideal? Is that even possible? So I think that's the maybe the philosophical question there.  Steph, thank you for being here. This was a fantastic conversation, one of our best. And we should do it again. We shouldn't have a year separating our conversations. Or maybe we should, because we need to meditate on these things.  a while. But anyway, yes, obviously I love what Uber Boyo does. So I would recommend that everyone go follow him and listen to his lectures on YouTube and so on. And yes, Godspeed. Thanks for being here.  Thank you very much. Thanks for having me. And it's good. It's really good to bounce these ideas off as someone who's like, you know, obviously so richly in all of this stuff. Yeah, it's good. It's good. So thank you very much. Thank you for having me. And thank you for everybody in the chat. Yes, definitely. Awesome. All right, guys. I unfortunately have to do something at 2.30, but let's reconvene on Thursday evening. And we have lots of stuff to talk about. So I will see you guys then. And ciao for now. Bye. Bye-bye.