So we are back on the Coen brothers after a brief hiatus. And, uh, I will just share my screen here. 1937, a race odyssey. That is a major theme in this film. Oh brother, where art thou?  This was made in 2000. So it was after the Coen brothers had made a name for themselves with Fargo. They, of course, had other films. And after The Big Lombowski became a cult classic. And Oh Brother is based, of course, on Homer's Odyssey. Although...  I think that should be brought into question  There are some obvious parallels, but I think, in a way, I find the movie undermining Homer. Interestingly, the one person who is, well, one of the unequivocal villains in the piece is named Homer, and he's literally ridden out on a rail. So perhaps that has a little meta-political significance. To that point, though, Richard, I think he's intended as a kind of red herring. um it does seem that there is some effort to kind of do what uh homer was doing with the odyssey i'll make the argument during the call but so homer i think that that name itself is just kind of a red herring basically you know okay and it could even have a kind of symbolic like it could be a play on like homer like hometown um  fan kind of thing, like the term Homer. And there's also a Hebrew word that means a measure of wheat that's Homer as well. So I think it could just be a kind of red herring. And Stokes might be kind of I mean, I'll look at it again, but it might be like stock or, you know, stump or wood or even racial stock. Yeah. Or just the more obvious he's stoking tensions or something. Sure. Sure. Yeah. But I wouldn't put it past them to also have like a deeper layer there as well. Yeah, obviously there are parallels with Homer, and you also have a reading of Homer that might be surprising. It does seem that there's a clash between Hebrew myths and these Homeric, ancient Greek myths.  And it's almost as if the Hebrew ones come out on top. But but let me just I'll just set the scene a little bit here before we get too much into it. And then I'll I'll let you go, Mark. So, again, starring George Clooney, this movie was successful critically and popularly. It includes John Tortura, excuse me.  George Clooney is playing Ulysses Everett McGill. So there's an obvious reference to Odysseus. Ulysses, of course, is just the Latin version of Odysseus. And Tim Blake Nelson, who's a longtime character actor, plays Delmer O'Donnell. John Goodman makes an appearance.  Holly Hunter plays Penny. Think Penelope. There's some other excellent performances in here. Man who plays George Nelson is Michael Badalucco and so on and so forth.  It's interesting, the phrase, oh brother, where art thou, does not occur in the film as well. And this is very similar to The Big Lombowski, where there's a kind of obvious thing that he is referencing, but then there's a sort of deeper...  perhaps inside jokes. So there is a film from 1941 or thereabouts by Preston Sturgis, which is a comedy film, madcap, zany comedy film. And there is a movie within the movie that the director wants to make.  And he's tired of making comedies. It's almost like a meta picture. He's tired of making comedies. He wants to make a serious picture about the world and its timely message movie, as they said in Sunset Boulevard. And it is called, Oh Brother, Where Art Thou? And it's set in the Depression era South. And in this inside jokey way,  It's almost like the Coen brothers made that film. Now, one thing to keep in mind, the Coen brothers said explicitly in interviews... that they did not start this film basing it on homer's odyssey now are they playing hard to get so to speak are they are they trying to obscure things uh perhaps then they started to notice the similarities and they said that they were adding in  references to Homer. They also claim to have never read Homer. It was either Ethan or Joel Cohen said that they read a comic book version of Homer, which I guess is sort of perfect. But there are some very obvious parallels, and I'll just mention some here, and then I'll let Mark take it from there.  And I think these are all very interesting. Big Dan has lost an eye. He's played by John Goodman. And he represents the Cyclops.  Famously, Odysseus escapes the Cyclops. When the Cyclops ask his name, Odysseus says, I'm nobody. I'm no man. Something to that effect. And they end up throwing a stake in the Cyclops' eye. Cyclops is actually the son of Poseidon. And so Poseidon is harassing Odysseus throughout the rest of the epic. This is sort of referenced...  Big Dan is obviously the Cyclops. The I'm no one, I don't have a name is actually mentioned with the blind fortune teller, also a reference to the Odyssey, who's the black man on the single car, whatever you call it, trolley on the railroad. He says, I'm no man, I work for no company kind of thing. It's like, well, there's your problem.  In the modern free market, you should have a name if you want, was Ulysses' response. And that seems to be a reference to that scene, although obviously it's kind of a mashup. Interestingly, when Big Dan is revealed to be a Klansman near the end of the film,  they throw a spike at him and he actually catches it and prevents himself from being blinded. Then he is crushed by a flaming cross, which might be extremely significant. If we think about that, the, you know, I, I am a man of endless sorrow. This old timey song they sing. It is a sort of quote of the odyssey.  where Odysseus says something to the effect, I'm a man of endless sorrow, many sorrows. There might even be references to the lotus eaters with the baptismal scene. There's a reference to the sirens, these sexy women doing laundry, giving them alcohol. I think just the whole episodic nature of O Brother, Where Art Thou? is a kind of reference to...  that Homeric style of storytelling. Just personally, I like this movie quite a bit. I actually didn't get a chance to see it in theaters, but I watched it shortly afterward and I've watched it a few times since. And then obviously I was rewatching it before we did this lecture. Yeah, I think it's a great film. It's very rewatchable. It's funny. Unlike No Country for Old Men, it's much more of a Coen Brothers movie.  in the sense that it has the zany comedy and so on. But yeah, I think much like The Big Wimbowski, it's a deep film. It's referencing multiple things at the same time and allowing those to interplay. Those things include the Hebrew Bible,  They're obviously all about baptism and sin and forgiveness. There's a flood, et cetera. Satan seems to be chasing them as opposed to Poseidon with the sheriff. And it's referencing Homer, obviously. And then it's referencing the Hollywood past, much like the big Lombowski is referencing the big sleeve, which is also a novel. So yeah, those are just some...  starting thoughts so just we can get that out of the way. What are some of your opening gambits, Mark? Yeah, I mean, I think that  I think you covered most of the references to the Odyssey. I mean, what I would say is that I think that, so Yuri Sleskin identifies Odysseus as a Jewish figure, essentially. I would say proto-Jewish. Yeah. He's a son of or he might be the grandson of Mercury, but he's sort of he's a kind of avatar of Mercury. You could argue descended of Mercury might be great grandson or grandson. And but he's just he's a kind of clever. He's a traveler. He's a clever character, a deceitful character, much like Mercury. So he's kind of modeled after the character of Mercury.  And Mercury also is a character that we identify as a proto-Jewish figure. Yuri Sleskin says he's the most Jewish of Greeks. You know, I think that there are, I mean, maybe one reference, which is a kind of, and I don't know if this is a reference based on what you were saying, but it's...  there's a god of the winds that becomes important as well. He gives Odysseus the bag of winds, right? Which he opens and it blows them off course. And it turns out to be a kind of hubris that they're using the bag of winds that it's granted to them by the god of winds. And so the character that gives them the bag of money might be a reference to that character in Homer.  George Nelson. The name Nelson means Son of Cloud. So I don't know. I mean, you know, again, I don't think that there's necessarily a kind of one-to-one referencing going on. And also because there's a bit of redundancy in terms of theme in the Odyssey, right? They're often...  falling under the spell of like sirens and so forth, right? Or lotus eaters. There's a kind of similarity of theme with some of their encounters. The most important though, I think is Cersei. Cersei's the one that might be referenced, especially with the three sirens, who they call sirens in the film. And also, I think they also make some reference to...  they think that he's been turned into a frog, right? And Cersei turns them into pigs, right? So that would be one of the kind of more clearer references. And there's even a reference, I think when he's released, he says something like they...  they tied me up like a pig or something like this. Yeah. They tied me up like a hog. Yeah. Yeah. Interestingly, Pete, who's played by John Turturro, is named Hogwallop. That's his name. Might just be a colorful name, but also might be Lankley as a reference. to that yeah but so what i would argue is that i think that and i don't think that you would disagree with this uh reading is that uh the character that's uh um everett that's supposed to be odysseus uh ulysses everett i guess is his name so he's sort of explicitly a reference to odysseus uh that he is coded jewish essentially um Um, and so in other words, they seem to share that reading with Yuri Sleskin of the figure of Odysseus. Right. Um, so in all of this, of course, would, um, uh, support REM theory. Um, and, uh, So to the haters out there, this is Jews kind of agreeing with REM theory, as it were, identifying ancient Greek characters as essentially Jewish and proto-Jewish. Well, let's talk about that before we move on. I mean...  Odysseus is not Achilles. Achilles is a man of action, also a man of lethargy and vanity, as we know from the Iliad. But Odysseus is someone very different. He is a man of deception and lying. and craftiness contending is is the translation that was used in a brother where art thou a man of great contending  And Everett, Ulysses Everett or whatever his name is exactly. He's thrown in jail, not for knocking up a bank car, whatever it is, but he is thrown in jail for practicing law without a license. So he's pretending to be a lawyer. And then at the end of the film, he actually says, oh, I could pretend to be a dentist. Someone could prep me up a license.  He's sort of hilarious. At the beginning, he's talking to these other two characters who are clearly coded as Gentile. And he says, I should be your leader because I have the capacity for abstract thought. And he certainly does. There's also some little... I mean, there's kind of, if you think about it, there's a kind of esoteric acknowledgement that Judaism is somehow completely illegitimate, right? That they are sort of crooks or they're outlaws, effectively. The Jews essentially represent outlaws in a society.  Yeah. Deceivers and magicians and all that. Yeah. And just some other things. I mean, I do want to watch the baptismal scene and we can talk more about that. But just really quickly, it's notable that Ulysses does not get baptized and makes fun of them. You know, like everyone's looking for salvation, you know, baptism. Yeah.  And I think that's very interesting. The other one that might, you know, I don't know what you think about this one, Mark, but Dapper Dan is the name of his hair treatment. um it's interesting dapper dan there's another character named dan which is john goodman cyclops who's named big dan and he is sort of like ulysses ulysses double which which he's not i don't think in in homer and he's a bible salesman so he's the one he's the fast talking man he has the gift of gab as Ulysses says, that's selling salvation to all of these poor folks in 1937 that are hard on their luck. And he's a swindler. He's a swindler as well. He's a swindler, yeah. They're both Dan, the Dapper Dan hair treatment and Dan. It might very well be, knowing the Coen brothers— O'Daniel is another Dan. O'Daniel is the corrupt politician who comes in successfully at the end, and his name is O'Daniel, right? Yes.  They're three Dans, much like they're two Lebowski's. They're three Dans. Papio Daniel. Yeah. We can't run a reform campaign. We're the incumbent. I love that. Yeah, but it shows essentially the triumph of this kind of corrupt party over the nativists. Over populism. Yeah, over populism, right? Yeah.  Which is clearly what Homer Stokes represents. Even if he is unlikable as a character, he's Donald Trump. He's, you know, the big fish. He's a stand-in for Huey Long. He's a stand-in for the populace of the 1890s. He's a stand-in for Trump, you know, avant la lettre. He's a stand-in for Hitler. I mean, as unlikable as he is, he sort of seems to represent this Aryan populism working for the people the little man uh you know thing going on but yeah I just I got a midget to like sort of symbolize the little man right because sidekick is a midget yeah symbolizing the little man the little man's also a Klansman I don't know yeah and that's sort of the you know that's um the joke that's being made by the Coen brothers it's that the  That they are, in some sense, they are the kind of Untermensch. These white populous Southerners are Untermensch, right? Yeah. Yeah. This is the position of the Coen brothers as expressed in these symbols. Yes, definitely. So I think George Clooney's character, Ulysses, is a crypto Jew, as might be Big Dan the Cyclops, which is an interesting choice, as might be the incumbent politician O'Daniel, who ultimately embraces the...  the, the music of, uh, African Americans. So it's, and, and we assume he rides that into, uh, the, uh, the, uh, governor's house, um, once again. So there's, um, there's a lot going on with that. And, um, yeah, every Gentile is, uh, I guess at the very best, um, dangerous and at the very worst, uh, moronic. Um,  Do you want to talk about the music itself? Just making a note here. Well, on the point, though, I mean, just to talk a little more about this, because I think you're right. There might be something going on with John Goodman's character. Like, he might be indicated in some manner as a kind of Caducean character.  you know, essentially Jewish figure, right? Yeah. I mean, we know that the Confederacy, we have this guy, Judah Benjamin, famously, who's a salient in the government of the Confederacy, a secretary of war, secretary of state, and a loyal supporter of President Jefferson Davis, considered the brains of the Confederacy, right? And he was a Jew.  So evidently, he was a kind of racist Jew. Jews can be racist, as we see in Israel, they can be racist. But so, you know, does does John Goodman represent a kind of Jewish element of, you know, amid this sort of grifting, like sort of mercantile element amid the Stokes faction, which would represent the kind of southern goyim and so forth?  Maybe he does represent that. And if he does, then that would be tend to corroborate the idea that Dan has signifies a kind of crypsis, right? Right. The serpent that bites you in the heel from behind. Right. And, um, You know, the kind of more obvious reference that's being made, which Richard has already alluded to, is that he's a cyclops, right? He's got one eye. But that might be a kind of more shallow reference that's being made. There is a kind of... One thing I would just say about the... uh this sort of so-called invisible empire which is was the clan is that a lot of the symbols are basically phonic which would make sense right because they're all hidden and so forth you have the uh uh you have the grand cyclops right is it which is a title that they use uh you know uh  I don't, I mean, I would have to look them up. I think actually the grand goblin is one, the grand wizard, the grand dragon, right? There's sort of these sort of phonic kind of references that are being made. And there is some suggestion that  You know, I'm not a an expert scholar on the Ku Klux Klan. I've looked at it a little bit, though, but there is some suggesting that it might might have a free Masonic origin. Now, I think that the founders, the sort of famous founders of it are not Jewish, for example, but there may be a kind of, you know, free Masonic influence, essentially, in. you know, the so-called invisible empire, which is inherently kind of nocturnal and phonic and hidden and so forth, right? So, I mean, those are things to kind of just think about. And they're definitely worthy of more research, but I think his symbols, you know, they're unclear symbols. They're not, they don't have a, there is a kind of phonic aspect to this whole Ku Klux Klan maybe at least as it appears in a symbol in a coen brother film um but maybe in general there's something to look at there um you know again uh you know jews were are all jews also had an interest for example in in keeping down the slaves certainly before the civil war many jews were slave owners and so forth so they were part of that system uh so it wouldn't it wouldn't be um it wouldn't, it wouldn't be beyond belief to believe that Jews weren't somehow involved in the development of something like the Ku Klux Klan, especially, you know, through Freemasonry and so forth and the organizing symbols, you know, or it was a clumsy attempt at imitation is maybe, you know, certainly another possibility. Um, Before we watch some scenes, I think it's interesting to talk about the musical element to this. And I think it reminded me quite a bit of A Serious Man, where they give you a sort of history lesson, among other things, on the history of music production. With A Serious Man, you saw this hand pocket radio and the wired... earbuds, and you actually took a trip through the wire into his ear in the opening credits of A Serious Man, and you see this Dionysian message of don't you want somebody to love, which at the end of A Serious Man seems to be revealed as the obscure, obscene core of Judaism itself when it's spoken by the  you know, uber rabbi. Now, maybe he was going senile and so on, or maybe the Coen brothers were suggesting something powerful about the Dionysian quality at the heart of Judaism, which is very interesting.  Here in Oh Brother, you have the early days of radio and vinyl record production. So they are, you know, this man will pay you $10 to sing into a can. And they're recording just directly onto vinyl records. Yeah. You get a sense that all three of characters, Odysseus and his crew, that they learn to sing in prison or something like this. And prison is something that is very directly associated with African-Americans. I mean, the opening scene of A Brother, Where Art Thou? It's done in this sepia tone. Roger Deakins was the cinematographer at a cinematographer, by the way, who is also the cinematographer for Eyes Wide Shut and a number of other movies in which color is extremely important. But anyway, you have this sepia tone. It's almost like a black and white photo. Are we in 1937 or are we in 1837? This prison gang seems to resemble slavery quite a bit. You have white guards...  on horseback watching over this chain gang of African Americans singing while hammering stones.  Very evocative. And Everett and company escape, obviously. And while they're on the run, they pick up this man named Tommy Johnson at the crossroads. And he is a very interesting figure. He sort of comes and goes. He runs off at one point, and they rescue him again at the clans meeting.  But he tells them that he sold his soul to the devil at the crossroads. And the Coen brothers are picking up on this legend. I believe there was a actual musician named Tommy Johnson. And then there was another one named like Gabe Johnson or something like this.  Robert Johnson, someone said in the chat, Robert Johnson was his name. So this seems to be a direct reference to an actual Southern musician who was so great on the guitar that it was rumored he sold his soul to the devil's devil to have such light fingers. Mad Max, you wanted to jump in.  Yeah, so I've seen this movie a lot growing up. And I used to play guitar a lot. And I had heard about the legend. The most famous musician that it's correlated with is Robert Johnson, who is a very influential blues musician.  But I was rewatching the film and they said his name was Tommy. And I was like, that doesn't make sense because it's Robert. But I looked it up and there was a second musician named Tommy Johnson, who this is correlated with. So it seems like a deliberate choice of name because they could have went with Robert, the more famous one, but they chose Tommy.  Yeah, there's no doubt. And there's this interesting scene where the gang arrive at this radio station, W-E-Z-Y, Weezy. And there's another blind man, which is very curious. We met the black blind prophet.  And he says something to the effect of, are any of you boys Negroes? And Ulysses said, well, why yes, we're all Negroes here, sir, with the exception of our guitar player. And then he's like, I can't do Negroes. We can't record Negroes. And he's like, well, none of us are Negroes except our accompanist. So it's a funny scene, but it's very interesting. You have this blind man who unknowingly records a...  integrated music band. And so, as I was saying before, the Coen brothers are fascinated in this sort of nerdy way with technology. Like you see them, you see the microphone can and it directly gouging a vinyl record and creating this and so on. As they're going out, they meet Pappy O'Daniel, who's like, we're not breast in the flesh, we're mass communicating. So he's already aware of the power of radio, which would become television, which becomes the internet, just the ability. You don't have to go shake someone's hand. You have to be a phenomenon over the airways or online, much like Donald Trump, of course. But what's interesting is this racial element. So a couple of things, as I mentioned,  Tommy Robinson sells his soul to the devil when they're driving the car. Ulysses described the devil as dressed in red with cloven hooves, etc. And Tommy Johnson says, you know, oh, no, he's a white man and he has blank eyes and he has a hound. And he seems to be describing the sheriff, at least most directly.  But it is and that is a very interesting possibility. And the sheriff is also associated with the devil. There's a scene very early on where flames are reflected in his glasses that he's wearing.  And yeah, as someone said, I think that's implied. I do think that that's implied, although it's a bit subtle. You might not notice it at first. And then you have the power of music, the power of Dionysius itself going over the airways, and it's through this integrated band.  And the proprietor can't stop this progress. He can't uphold white supremacy because he's blind to it. So he doesn't know what's going on. And he allows this to get out. And unbeknownst to Ulysses and the crew, they become a sensation in the South with their records of man of constant sorrow. And when they appear at this private gathering at the very end of the film, where Ulysses is trying to win back his wife, it's almost like they're world famous. They didn't even know that they were celebrities and so on. And Homer Stokes comes in and he's like, well, this is integrated, miscegenating music up in here. He's like, whoa, you don't like me? This is Homer. you know all this kind of stuff he's trying to uphold white supremacy but just the power the catchiness of this music just makes all of these small town uptight white people start to dance and love one another and accept integration and mix they in their own way they join the orgy of dionysus  And that includes miscegenation. And so it's the power of music, which Apollo is also associated with, of course, but Dionysus is associated with, the power of the orgy, the dithyram, et cetera, that sort of takes over. And so I do think this film does become a kind of race odyssey in this way.  So it's starring George Clooney, obviously, and two character actors, both of whom are white. And it's about the white, rural, idiotic South on some level.  But it is interesting when they break, what is it, Pete? Yeah, Pete Hogwall up out of prison. They're actually, they put, they sullen their face. Is that the right word? Sully their face. They put on blackface, in effect.  in order to sneak into the prison and break him out. And so they end up at, of all things, at a Klan rally wearing blackface, which is, you know, a very funny joke that only the Coen brothers would come up with. And Homer says something like, they were swarthy. You know, I think they've been miscegenating of some kind or something like this.  And they rescue a black man from being sacrificed in this clan ritual. And then they go to downtown and they present themselves openly as an, as an integrated band and push through progress.  quote unquote, through this. And they also experience the plight of the African-American by being part of the chain gang, by being, you know, literally enslaved as prisoners, experiencing slavery in a small way in this prison camp that they're part of. And so I think that is a deep motive. It's sort of White characters experiencing blackness, but, and this is related, experiencing Dionysus as well. Sort of becoming black means becoming a maybe even you could say a white front man to black music or at least integrating the African-American spirit into this music that's appealing to whites. And so it's just sort of the story of rock and roll, you know, that we all learned. At some point, you know, blacks invented rock and roll and you had some white men like Elvis, whoever who sang black and all that kind of stuff. And once Elvis became popular, in effect, integration and miscegenation and all sorts of other things were just sort of irresistible. You know, it acts a little bit like football in the South, where these white teams go and root on, these white fans, excuse me, go on and root on all black teams. And in such a situation where college football is the most important thing in their lives in many ways, it  actual white supremacy or segregation just becomes impossible. Integration is inescapable precisely because you're putting so much value into these Black players. And I think music played that role. In fact, it played that role earlier and more decisively. And so I think that's... It's not all the movie's about, but I think a big part of what this movie is about is that black experience being a Dionysian one, being about music, and basically with Bacchus, miscegenation is inescapable. So just some thoughts on that.  Yeah, I think it also points to like a Jewish will to power, essentially. I mean, they literally, the first sort of vehicle that symbolically, you know, this character that we would relate to Homer, the blind Negro at the beginning of the film, who's on this, I don't know the name of these vehicles, but these sort of one car manually operated train cars is what the guy is operating at the beginning of the film. And yeah,  Symbolically, he becomes a vehicle. He spirits them to their destination. The Black spirits them to their destination. It also empowers them. This is even said by O'Daniel at the end. He goes, you guys are going to be my brain trust now. He's promoting this  foggy bottom or whatever their name is. Soggy bottom. Yeah, which itself is a kind of reference to the swamp. It's corruption, essentially. They represent corruption, essentially. And Everett says, yeah, we're going to be like the power behind the throne, which is a kind of uh it's a sort of you know the adl would call it a canard about jews is that they're the secret power behind the throne or whatever he's he that's essentially what he's suggesting is that they become the power behind the throne through and in the the will to power is bacchanal right and again in the ancient world uh the ancients associated yahweh with bacchus so it kind of it makes sense right um You know, the other two, the other sort of you could argue is a kind of indication of bringing using Bacchus as a kind of will to power or as a form of salvation is when they're going to be killed at the end by Cooley. Right. Sheriff Cooley is going to has the three Negroes build graves or rather dig graves for them.  And he prays to the Lord. He may as well be praying to Dionysus, right? Ever prays to the Lord, and a flood comes and saves him, right? So it's very kind of biblical in nature. I mean, it reminds us very much of a serious man. At the end of a serious man, Yahweh appears in the form of a whirlwind. Tornado, yeah. Yeah, a whirlwind is the term that they would use in the Bible, right? But a tornado. And...  Similarly, the flood is a form of salvation, right? And we've analyzed the flood on this show before, and the flood itself, the evidence points to the flood being a reference to miscegenation, right? The flood occurs when the angels are descending among man, or the sons of God are taking up with...  the daughters of man, right? And this is what causes, this is a sort of event that causes the flood. And the argument we make is that the flood is, signifies this sort of promiscuity. It's sort of the, you know, maybe you could even argue it has a kind of vaginal significance, right? But it's the heavens, the sort of Aryan and noble heavens opening up and water you know the the seminal and vaginal water whatever coming in and mixing essentially with the earth fertilizing the earth and so forth right yeah so it represents a period of promiscuity and and uh social and caste chaos you could argue with the flood um so it's it would so in other words it seems that they're using this symbol here in a kind of symbol a similar manner right the flood applies to this period of uh racial and social chaos in the south when things are are changing and the caste order is being destroyed well yeah everett says you know when they survive the flood and uh tommy robinson's on the roll desk and um  Uh, you know, they're, they're in a coffin, which might, might be a reference to Moby Dick. Although I don't, it probably is, but they don't take it anywhere further. I don't think at least. Um, but he's like, you know, it's, it's a new day. It's a new South, a new, you know, we'll have electricity throughout the Valley. It will be an age of reason like they had in France.  And so, you know, on an outer level, this places it in time in 1937 with the New Deal. The South was an incredible place. I mean, I would imagine that  Indoor plumbing was relatively rare at in most of the South up until that point. They were using outhouses. They certainly didn't have grid electricity technology, rational utilities throughout the South until the the New Deal and all these public work works projects. I mean, they would in some cities, of course, but you get my drift. And so the flood is sort of progress and age of reason, socialism, FDR, the Tennessee Valley authority, all of that stuff. But I think there's a, there's a flip side to it. And you, you see all these things, you know, when they're underwater, you see a hound dog float by the sheriff might very well be killed. Although you don't know, you see his glasses float by, you see the dapper Dan, um, um hair pomade uh my hair tonic uh float by you also see a um turntable um and uh record music so there's there's like the rational quality to the new deal that is the outer layer of the onion that that's  that sets it in a time and place. But then there's the under layer to that, which is, yes, integration, miscegenation, rock and roll music, wild sex, everything's going to change. And both of these things go together. Yeah, you say that they're in a coffin, which was a detail that I had forgotten, but the word for  In the Hebrew, Aaron may mean ark or it may mean coffin. Wow. It may mean chest or coffin. Now, the word that's actually used for Noah's Ark is different than that word. That word is the one that's used for the Ark of the Covenant, right? Mm-hmm.  But both mean ark, both mean chest, ultimately. So even the word, I mean, Noah's ark is a ship, but the word itself means ark. So it's probably, I mean, they might be specifically thinking of the Hebrew when they decide to put them in a coffin. It's an ark. They're in the ark.  Right. Yeah, that's probably the reference more than Moby Dick or maybe I haven't read Moby Dick and White sometime. Maybe Moby Dick is referencing that. But yeah, I think the other thing, just to reiterate this, that you were saying that I think might come as a surprise to some people if they're just, you know, coming to us now. But  And ostensibly, everyone learns this in Sunday school, the flood was sort of divine punishment. It was Yahweh's wrath. And it was Yahweh's wrath against a people that were...  disobeying him, that were debauched in some way. He made man and found that man was a mistake. But knowing the history of the Bible and so many of these bold calls for genocide, and I'm thinking here of Obadiah, they basically are expressions of your cup will floweth over. and your women will go mad it's it's basically dionysianism as a sort of revenge or dionysianism as a will to power of overcoming another people not through warfare which was impossible but through spreading excess and and so the flood in this way is a kind of  It's a deluge of democracy as much as it is a punishment. I said deluge of democracy. Deluge of democracy and debauchery as much as it is a punishment. And in some ways, the debauchery is the punishment. You're destroying a people by generating this. Yeah, the other reference to Bacchus, too, I would say, is that they're prisoners and they're escaping from prison. And this is also true of Bacchus. Right. Chains cannot hold Bacchus, right? And this is something that it seems referenced in the New Testament in Acts as well. Right. where Paul and Celis are praying, singing hymns to God, and the other prisoners were listening to them. Suddenly a strong earthquake shook the foundation of the prison, and once all the doors flew open and everyone's chains came loose. You know, these could be sort of esoteric references to the cult of Bacchus, from which, you know, evidently Christianity is influenced, or rather Christianity is obviously influenced, and one of the important influences of Christianity. Um, so the fact that they're prisoners being, you know, uh, uh, released and he, and Bacchus as well. So in some, in some ways we could argue that, um, I mean, very evidently, uh, uh, Everett represents a kind of Bacchus figure, uh, but he's a liberator and that's the role of Bacchus is he's a liberator. He's liberating them. And Bacchus has these epithets that mean liberator, right? Yeah. Yeah.  So he's freeing them from jail. And from jail, he's creating this sort of racial and sexual revolution and so forth. But the symbol of the prison becomes also the symbol of white supremacy holding Jews and Blacks down effectively. So it becomes a metaphor for a kind of white racial hierarchy where they're imprisoned.  And they're saved by Bacchus, Bacchus the liberate, who can't be held by fetters, essentially. That's the reputation, the mythic reputation of Bacchus is if you put chains on them, they fall off because of  the divine nature of Bacchus and so forth, right? Yeah. There's also this interesting tidbit, which I think I even missed the first time I watched this, which was that Robinson, the black guitar player says that I met the devil, the crossroads, he's a white man. And then he basically describes the sheriff. It's, you know, he has dark eyes or blank eyes and he has a hound and,  and so on. And so there might even be a suggestion that the devil, again, sort of a stand-in for Poseidon if we take a direct Odyssey parallel, but he's the devil. He also taught Robinson how to play the guitar. It's like the essence of the Caducean. i'm going to hunt you down for this thing that i taught you it's very interesting yeah it's sort of the jewish worldview appears to be that it's a kind of rigged game like and i think that that's moralizing for them that they understand that ultimately yahweh is in charge of everything satan is is not in a you know unlike in christianity or I sort of the goyim interpretation of Christianity is that Satan is this sort of adversary who's been expelled by God from heaven and so forth. But actually, he's a sort of agent, as we, you know, as is revealed in the book of Job is that he's a servant and agent sort of fulfilling the will, essentially.  of Yahweh. So I think that is the kind of Jewish view. So it would make sense that the Coen brothers also view Satan as a kind of Caducean figure, ultimately. He did. He taught him the music, as you point out. Right. So and the name Cooley as well means dark haired. Right. So I think he suggested is essentially kind of phonic and Semitic figure even. Right. Interesting.  Um, let's, uh, Oh, one, a couple other details. So yeah, sure. Penelope or Penny as she's. Oh, okay. You're still there though. Uh, she's called in the film, which is a shortening or is a nickname for Penelope. So she's a direct reference to Penelope as he is a direct reference to Odysseus through, through the names. But it does seem that they might be making a kind of subtle comparison between Jacob and Odysseus as well. And Jacob is also this sort of thief like Mercury, who's stealing flocks and so forth, and has a kind of mercurial character. He steals his birthright. He steals Esau's birthright and gains the rights of the firstborn through deception, essentially. But in one way that this reference might be being made is that Penelope has seven children, much like Leah has seven children. Now she has seven daughters, and Leah has six sons and one daughter. Dinah is his daughter. But it seems like that could be the reference that's being made there. Certainly the number seven we know to have a Jewish significance, essentially. It's a reference to the Sabbath, to Yahweh.  to Saturn, and so forth, right? Yes. Yeah, Penny is an interesting figure. And did you get this sense as well? Perhaps I'm just reading too much into it, but that it was almost implied that Ulysses had gotten cucked yeah well he he he clearly gets cocked by the the figure standing in for the suitors the the campaign manager for um uh uh homer stokes and who's you know come in he's he's but he's got bona fides he's uh got a job he's gonna take care of the family But, you know, Ulysses went to prison and she had a daughter while he was in prison and he said, I have six daughters and it's like seven. One of the daughters also has a little bit of a swarthy appearance, a kind of...  I don't know. I might be pushing this a little too far, but there seems to be at least a suggestion in my mind that Penny is not all she's cracked up to be.  Well, I don't, you know, maybe that's the case, or maybe that's implied in the film. So the youngest daughter is, you think is her new suitors or? Yeah, it's a, right. I mean, that's where I- I mean, that wouldn't be inconsistent with the Bible, but with Leah, because I think that there are indications that Reuben, for example, may not be Jacobs, I would argue, you know? Right. So and maybe they were thinking of that first, because, again, according to the Coen brothers, they read Homer Wilde after they had pretty much written the script and then they started redeveloping the script in this new way. And.  And then B, there is an inversion of Homer. I mean, when Odysseus meets the suitors, the suitors beat up Odysseus. The exact opposite, of course, famously is what occurs in the Odyssey. Penelope resists the suitors. Penelope is loyal. And you don't see that. Even the daughters aren't quite loyal.  To be honest, I think at one point he says, like, I'm your paterfamilias. And they're like, no, you ain't. You know, it's sort of an inversion of things. So I think the Coen brothers are suggesting something else.  Well, yeah, but I don't know how I agree with what you're saying. I just don't know how deep the inversion goes. So in other words, I think that, yeah, it is a kind of humorous cynicism about the nature of women, you could argue. Right. Yeah. They go for security and safety and toward power and so forth. Right. Ultimately, he is victorious, though. Ultimately, he sort of wins the bridegathering contest and gets her back.  much like Odysseus, right? Yeah. But this allows a sort of humorous twist on it, essentially. He is ultimately wins or is victorious. And there are other, I mean, other things I would say that there are, you know, and this is not just Yuri Sleskin's reading of the text of Homer. You know, for example, some of the sins that  Homer will commit, or not Homer, rather Odysseus. Some of the sins that Odysseus will commit are slaying the cattle of Helios, right? Which will anger Zeus, right? So he's already got Poseidon on his tail, but anger Zeus.  And Helios is a kind of equivalent of Apollo, right? So it's something equivalent to Mercury or Hermes stealing the flock of Apollo, right? So in their other, I mean, the first conflict that Odysseus and his crew have is with the Caconis, a  I don't know about the pronunciation. I think it's Cicones. And it's spelled C-I-C-O-N-E-S. But this is a race of Thracians that are descended of Apollo. So their namesake is a son of Apollo, essentially. And I think that there's kind of symbolism going on there that we might find surprising that would suggest a kind of abidance of... some of this sort of numerology that we discussed is, for example, six of Odysseus' or six crew members of each of Odysseus' ships are slain in this conflict, the Caconis, right? The number six, which is kind of interesting. And these are clearly, the Caconis are indicated as Aryan, I would argue, the sons of Apollo. This is the first conflict  And there were also Arians that sided with the Trojans during the Trojan War. So this is in the Odyssey. This conflict, this ethnic conflict, I would argue, is in the Odyssey. Now, it could be the case that the Coen brothers were not... you know, sort of brought it on late as a kind of dressing, but it does seem, they do seem to indicate that they understand Odysseus as Yuri Sleskin does as basically a proto-Jewish or essentially kind of a Jewish figure, right? This son of Mercury,  This sort of thief, this god of merchants and so forth, right? I mean, do you think that vis-a-vis the Trojans, the Greeks are in effect proto-Jewish in the context of Homer? Or is that going too far?  Well, look, I think it's, I mean, the Greeks themselves, we know to be Hellenese, right? So the Hellenese are Aryan. And then in the argument I make is that a lot of these myths have a kind of Pelasgian origin. The Pelasgians were proto-Jewish, you know.  I don't doubt that. Isn't it odd that one has perhaps more sympathy for the Trojans when reading the Iliad than the Greeks? The famous Trojan horse is not depicted in the Iliad, but it's depicted actually in the Aeneid by Virgil, interestingly enough. it it's a it's a matter of trickery of i mean the trojan horse is even to this day like a symbol of jewish subversion i mean it it isn't this interesting that yeah yeah yeah i mean i've i've said this i think on a number of podcasts but yeah and who's on the side of the trojans it's  Zeus, I guess, is initially on their side, but becomes ambivalent. Apollo and Mars, so three clear Aryan characters or Aryan figures are on the side of...  You know, they worship Apollo. They desecrated Temple of Apollo. The Greeks desecrated Temple of Apollo. And one of the, you know, Cassandra, who famously predicts the destruction of Troy, but no one will listen to her. The reason that no one will listen to her is because she rejected the sexual advances of Apollo, right? So there's a strong element of kind of subversiveness, essentially, in Homer, in the Iliad, and in the Odyssey, of course, right? And then the main...  ultimately the big heroes is Odysseus. So, I mean, I think that, I think that, so I don't think, and I think that the Coen brothers are clever enough and well-read enough to understand this, you know, and I, they wouldn't be alone among Jews practicing gem. And I would expect them to be, if,  more sophisticated than the average, right? So I think that they are basically identifying Odysseus as a Jewish character or proto-Jewish character, right? As you point out, yeah, Achilles is different. Achilles is, his famous ancestor is Zeus, not Mercury or Hermes. So I think what you're seeing now, I think that It's too crude and incorrect and inaccurate to say that the Greeks were like Jews or whatever, or the proto-Jews, and the Trojans were the Aryans. I think what is being described there, it's a very complex, it's describing cults.  And the worship of gods that represent ethnic identities, essentially. Right. And Apollo represents the Aryan. We think of Jewish religion. Yahweh clearly represents a kind of archetypal arch Jew, essentially, kind of. He's not dissimilar for Mercury. He's a deceiver. He's hidden and so forth. He's a phonic god, ultimately, you know, a god of hidden in volcanoes and so forth.  like Vulcan. And so that's what's, so the Trojan War is complex, you could argue, right? So there's different, there's a lot going on. It's not just race. So in other words, I think it would be inaccurate to say that the Trojans were more Aryan, for example, than the Greeks, right? I think it's not, I think that that's a kind of oversimplification. It's almost like The Trojan War represents something where you already have a kind of polytheism, so to speak, where gods that have different significance that represent different ethnic types are being worshipped among the Greeks already. In this, I don't think that this is a fair metaphor either, but it's almost it's almost something like the Gulf War or something. It's almost like, you know, I mean, it's almost like. The Iraqis were the Aryans. No, no, no. But you understand the Gulf War is like the Gulf War is Aryans invading. largely sort of semitic and arab lands and so forth right but they're doing it at the behest of ultimately a kind of semitic will to power yeah uh so now again i think that that's an imperfect metaphor for the trojan war but um i think you understand my point it's it it shows something complex it's not arians versus semites right um and i and the i guess the other thing that i would say too is that um uh yeah so i i mean i think that that i think that this what i'm describing though i think is better understood by jews than it is by gentiles or arians i'm just going to say it you know what i'm saying i just don't think that uh gentiles generally have this understanding and don't look at it in this kind of careful way well what is the significance of these gods what do these gods represent right these gods are ethnic archetypes so let's go from there so what is the significance of like  you know, you angering Zeus by killing the cattle of Helos, right? That has some kind of significance, right? And what is the cattle? Cattle represents people, right? And that seems, that's a kind of symbol that seems to be clearly drawn in this film as well, where they, George, whatever the guy, George Nelson. Nelson, yeah. Yeah, is being led away by the crowd. And one of the things they yell at him is cow killer. He's a cow killer, right? Do you remember? He just like says, I hate cows and he kills the cows. Yes. Yes. Well, because on some level, we're talking about cows and we're talking about cattle when we're talking about the Southerners, the Southern goyim, essentially. You know what I mean? uh and you know and i it may not be the most important metaphor but it's just a kind of metaphor that's tossed out in the film where it's like okay yeah we're talking about cows here so they implicitly these become a symbol for the dumb southerner southern herd basically in the film you know and um yeah you know a lot you know uh hermes is a shepherd uh mercury's a shepherd apollo is a shepherd  The Cyclops, they're also shepherds, right? So that could, again, we look at this reference to the Ku Klux Klan. The Ku Klux Klan, they're shepherds of the herd, right? But they're a kind of Gentile shepherd. Yes. With a possible exception, which is a theory, that Big Dan might have something else going on.  You know, he appears to be a kind of, he appears to be more in the mold of a kind of mercury. Yeah, a Jewish figure in the KKK, which would not be terribly surprising. Which I'm sure has happened. Oh, yeah. Which I'm sure has happened. Yeah. This is also an interesting scene, and we can just watch a little bit, but this is the baptismal scene. Okay.  They dammed that river on the 21st. Today's the 17th. Don't I know it. We got but four days to get to that treasure. After that, they'll be at the bottom of a lake. We ain't gonna make it walking. Well, that's right. Go for Everett. But the old tactician's got a plan. For the transportation, that is. I don't know how I'm gonna keep my coiffeur in order. How's this a plan? How we gonna get a car? Sell that. I figure you can only have painful association for wash.  to Washington Bartholomew Hogwallop from his lovin' Cora. Amor the diff is. This is in his bureau. I reckon it'll fetch us enough cash for a good-used auto-voiture and a little left over besides. You got some light fingers, Everett. Gopher? You stole from my kin!  who was fixin' to betray us. You didn't know that at the time! So I borrowed it till I did know. That don't make no sense! He is a fool who looks for logic in the chambers of the human heart. Now, what the hell is that saying? Appears to be some kind of a... congregation. Care for some gopher? No, thank you, Delmer.  A third of a gopher had only aroused my appetite without bedding her back down. Oh, you can have the whole thing. Me and Pete already had one. We ran across a whole gopher village. Oh, brothers, let's go down, let's go down, come on down.  Come on, brothers, let's go down, down in the river to pray. As I went down in the river to pray, studying about that good old way and who shall wear a starry crown, good Lord, show me the way. Oh, fathers, Oh, fathers, let's go down Down in the river to pray As I went down in the river to pray Studying about that good old way And who shall wear the robe and crown Good Lord, show me the way Oh, mothers, let's go down  Come on, mothers, let's go down. Well, I guess hard times flush the chumps. Everybody's looking for answers, so is it. Where the hell's he going? Wild beers, son of a beers.  Delmar's been saved. Well, that's it, boys. I've been redeemed. The preacher done washed away all my sins and transgressions. It's a straight and narrow from here on out, and heaven everlasting's my reward. Delmar, what are you talking about? We got bigger fish to fry. The preacher said all my sins is washed away, including that Piggly Wiggly I knocked over in Yazoo. I thought you said you was innocent in those charges.  Well, I was lying. And the preacher said that that sin's been washed away, too. Neither God nor man's got nothing on me now. Come on in, boys. The water is fine. Okay. It's very interesting. So...  This scene's often associated with the lotus eaters scene from the Odyssey. And there, many other people start eating flowers that make them hallucinate, some sort of Dionysian experience, and they forget about home.  And Odysseus doesn't partake in eating the lotus. I remember, Mark, you mentioned this on Twitter a little while ago, but even this popular HBO series, The White Lotus, seems like it is probably a reference to lotus eating. And The White Lotus adds a whole other element to it. It's basically, it is what the series is about. It's decadent. white people enjoying luxury and sex and comfort this five-star hotel and losing themselves losing that will to go home and um it's interesting how this in that show as well though there is a kind of explicit um discussion of like woke politics and white privilege like it's it's not even concealed really so that that's a it's not even a sub sub and there's a sort of right-wing tinge to that show actually i found well yeah but watching of a kind of like bapist variety i would say well yeah but but also is it you're not going to do anything about it no no no I totally agree I'm not claiming the white lotus she'll be our inspiration or something but I did find there was like an under there was a sort of right wing undercurrent of rejecting all this like you know hating the gender goblins and drug users I don't know perhaps that was just my reaction to it it's written from the perspective of a kind of gay gentrifier right I don't know but it's like a gay who's like you know, liberal, but actually doesn't want to live around blacks and is terrified of blacks, right? And so that they have their kind of concealed, like petty racist opinions and so forth. And they're aware of like, because they live in an urban environment. So it seems like that's very much kind of the perspective it's written from. It's written by a gay or bisexual guy. I forgot the guy's name. Mike White, I believe. Yeah, he was in something about Buck or something like that. Wasn't that his... yeah he did like freaks and geeks that i think that was his calling card for a little while i don't know what else he's done school of rock someone mentioned a movie buck is in the title okay interesting mike white let me find it what a name too chuck and buck was the name of the film it's a 2000 i came out in 2000 uh  The film follows Buck as he reconnects with his childhood friend, Chuck. And Buck is played by Mike White. And as I'm trying to remember the film, so here the description is, with the story exploring themes of friendship, loneliness, and growing up through Buck's immature and persistent behavior. But Buck is this sort of like very socially awkward, socially repulsive, guy in the guy Mike White is sort of like this buggy eyed like weird looking guy or whatever so he plays this sort of autistic nerd guy who's sort of kind of socially repulsive and and that like the humor and sort of darkness it's a dark comedy so the humor center centers around this guy's betrayal of this sort of social misfit effectively um that's the guy who wrote it and it turns out he's a bisexual or homosexual man um but he yeah i mean there is evidently a kind of um petty racialism to the guys that sort of like informs his perspective as an artist you know what i mean so it is interesting in that regard i mean i would i watched the first two um seasons uh the third one in the first one is set in hawaii and the second and it's involved you know it's a it's primarily a white cast uh the second one is set in italy um and you know and both have like attractive like sort of women eye candy that you can you can check out um uh though i do i do admit to fast forwarding through subplots that i just did not like and just was not did there were no attractive women in the subplots and um it because it's it's it's interesting but it's not you know it's it's sort of like it's at a level that you can watch it and it's interesting uh the third season i bailed on entirely uh because it was set in like  I don't know, somewhere in Southern Asia. The third season's good. Just saying it's set in Thailand. Yeah. Oh, did you? Oh, okay. So you've been watching it. You've been watching it. I have. All right. Yeah. So, so you agree it does, it does have things to recommend it basically. Definitely. Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's some like titillating, you know, sexual exploits. The third season takes it to a, a whole new level. I won't give it away, but, um,  I just, I sent, you know, half of white gay men voted for Donald Trump. And I, I do sense this sort of 50% of white gay. Wow.  which is kind of perfect in a way. But I do sense this right-wing current that's under there. Because, you know, a lot of... Rich people who subscribe to HBO have become like Bill Maher, where they basically want to have their cake and eat it. So they want liberalism, but then they want to crack down hard on these certain excesses. It's gone too far. Can we just rewind the videotape to 1994, basically? And I do think that that's... I really feel that strongly in The White Lotus where it's not- It's the last stand of white identity. As I said, yes, homosexuals. It was prophetic.  Yes, it really was. Maybe I should write a little piece on this. I didn't mean that at the time I was misrepresented, but I think the sentiment actually might be weirdly accurate. And it's worth talking about that. It's not as powerful as a book like Michel Ulebeck's Platform. Yeah. where he he he shows are well back, I would say, I should say he shows liberalism just gone to its limit, just run amok, basically. And you have these decadent, infertile Parisians who are creating sex tourism travel agencies and like sending people all over the world. And it said pleasure is a right was the tagline of their company. And at the very end, I hate to give it away, but Muslim terrorists sort of like are like Yahweh's wrath against these decadent people. Anyway, it's not that hardcore, although that is the White Lotus is not that hardcore.  But I do feel like it's approaching that. There's a little tinge of, like, you fucking decadent freaks are going to get what you deserve. And this is bad. Just my thought. All right. Well, maybe I'll check out that third season. Who's it? Parker Posey's in it? She's hilarious. Yes. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  She's not as hot as some of the other girls I had in at those homes. Well, that's very rude, Mark, being that she is your age, so you're just, you know. Well, that's the problem. You keep getting older. I'm like we fine wines. Genders are used to fine wine.  You're like, who's this old chick? Why is she in this movie? You know, she's very good in her role, and there's plenty of hot chicks to go around in that one. But... Going back to the Lotus Eaters, so we had a diversion on the White Lotus, but I think it's interesting that, you know, the traditional look at Southern Baptist and that old time religion and all that kind of stuff. is that it is as trad as you can get uber trad in fact but it's very interesting here where first off ulysses doesn't get baptized and he cynically rejects it which is indicative of his character But also, it's almost like these people are, in another way, experiencing the same Dionysian orgy as they will with A Man of Constant Sorrow and the Black music, basically. They're sort of losing themselves. They're desperate. They're broke, et cetera. Great Depression's on. But then they are...  losing their way home in a way, getting flooded, baptism, flood. These are connected metaphors. Getting dunked and then you're just a new man. This is one of the things that I think some people have problems with Protestantism where it's like you can just say...  you know, God, forgive me. You know, I have faith in Jesus. I'm like, all your sins are over. You know, it seems like a little too easy, isn't it? But it's getting, I think that Protestant message is getting to what can be a powerful experience for these people, but it's an experience of oblivion and sort of erasing the past and losing your sense of home. So just some thoughts on this.  Yeah, I mean, overall, it's kind of, I don't know, it's funny. I think the more that we've, the more our lens becomes stronger in analyzing these films, the more that we're able to kind of decode them means that we're also able to sort of demystify them. And I don't know if you're experiencing this at all. Maybe I'm just too far down the road, but there is kind of,  It is fun. It does add a layer to watching the film is decipherment. So you do enjoy that. But at some point, you feel like you have such a good command of it. And maybe I'm the only one who's there. I don't know. Maybe you're there as well. But it just kind of feels rote. It just feels like, OK, I get what's going on here, right? This is another story of a kind of Jewish will to power and so forth, right? But nevertheless, I think that it does become I think we you and I have lived so long with this thesis. And we need to publish that book, of course, as soon as possible. But don't worry, I'll be in touch with you about that in a second. But I think that it just has become so obvious.  these films have in a way been revealed in a way that make them obvious. And I think that that's good that we're kind of deciphering the mystery cult, as it were, and demystifying it. But part of that is kind of muting its power. We're also kind of  destroying its power, right? When it doesn't have that mystery, when it's been deciphered, it loses some of its power. Now we can appreciate the sort of art, the kind of artistry in the organizing and the cleverness involved with the symbols and so forth. But I do think that there is, it is a kind of bittersweet thing, right? I think the films no longer hold the kind of power, the enthralling power over you when you understand what they're saying, right?  Sort of like, I don't know. I mean, when you see the tricks, right? When you see the magician's bag of tricks, the power is muted. And I think that that's, I think we should be involved in sort of muting this power, at least from our perspective. But I think you understand my, it's a kind of different pleasure looking at these films. uh it's more analytical i guess in nature but we're less wrapped up in them right and part of this i think is a process of getting older art has a different effect on you as you get older it i think it has it has less of a kind of powerful effect on you as you get older um and also this could be you know the age that we live in is as well i think that we i think that we're at the tip of the spear um but i think that in general people are becoming more uh media savvy and conversant with an understanding of cinema and art and less impressed by it in a way right i mean and this is one of the things that i think has contributed to the decline of cinema generally um or television and so forth there are many reasons for that of course that we've discussed um on multiple occasions but i think you understand what i'm saying i mean i think that people are kind of like I think that people are not at this sort of level of, and I don't mean to just kind of like toot our own horn here or whatever. I don't think people are at this sort of level of sophistication of analysis that we are, but I think that they get it on a kind of intuitive level, that there's a lot that's kind of subversive essentially in Hollywood films. And it's not just the subversiveness that's explicit. Now, of course, you still have people that are on YouTube that's saying, know they turned ariel into a negro or whatever and it's like yeah we get you want her to be a jew again exactly you understand what i'm saying uh and and so there's a lot of superman is white yeah yeah but i think that but i think that people are also starting to like the more kind of um thoughtful and sophisticated people are realizing that it's actually much more sophisticated than that and  You know, and it is what art and culture is. There is a kind of there's a there's some there's a kind of man behind the scenes. There's a message underlying it. That's not exactly the message, the exoteric message that you're presented with. That's the mystery and seduction of it, essentially. Yeah.  In any case, that's a kind of, I made a lot of sort of obvious points, but whatever. Someone in the chat will be like rambling, fucking rambling. Yeah. Yeah. Well, is there anything else we need to touch on in this movie? Well, I guess that's the other point I was going to make is I feel like the film's pretty simple. Yeah. When you get the main point, it's kind of simple. Yeah. Yeah.  It's describing essentially a kind of bacchanal Jewish will to power, essentially. And that will to power is deeply connected to music, obviously, but it's deeply connected to race. Yeah. Another thing. Yeah, they become Blacks. in a way literally actually in the film and figuratively yeah and i think that that part of the film is kind of obvious right so i think anyone in the dr who who even like thinks it like i've got crazy ideas or whatever would watch the film maybe like okay yeah the clan they're using music to seduce the racists and the black music is used to seduce the races and so forth right so i think that that is pretty is pretty plain right but i think at the time at the time that the film is made that's not a subversive idea because at the time the film is made everyone hates white southern racists and everyone likes black music and likes the cultural changes based on a kind of you know decades of basically sort of liberal you know dare i say indoctrination but liberal a liberal worldview being expressed through media so no one is like  You know, only the DR would say, hey, that's kind of subversive. Most people are like, yeah, that's great. They found music, musics to love, or whatever they used to use to overcome the bigotry of the white southerner and so forth, right? Yeah. Yeah. It is interesting that...  Again, Christianity is associated with that as well. The villains are Homer Stokes, Satan, who's a curious villain, but it's basically white populism and racism. But the lotus eater scene and the baptismal scene, I wouldn't say it's pro-Christian because it's very cynical. at least from the perspective of Ulysses, but it's showing Christianity as part of that same movement. Those bathers are having the same experience as the people listening to the Soggy Bottom Boys. Yeah. I guess that was my major point. And two-thirds of the Soggy Bottom Boys get baptized, right? Yeah. Yeah.  Or at least the white members, because he's a black guy too. He sold his soul to Satan. So you got the devil. Ulysses says, I'm the only one who's unaffiliated. You have two Christians, a devil, a worshiper, and a Jew. And it ultimately doesn't matter because Jesus is a Jew too. The devil's a Jew, Jesus is a Jew. They're all on the same team ultimately. But one thing I wanted to point out though is that uh homer stokes uh so they there is a music uh that homer stokes is using to sort of enchant the crowd but it's this more like traditional music uh southern music that doesn't have the kind of sexiness and swag that's later introduced and the song there is keep on the sunny side of life i don't know if you noticed that so there's a kind of solar suggestion to that interesting yeah yeah and then later uh they sing a song uh  Will you be my sunshine? Is that right? You are my sunshine, right? So later he, Pappy O'Donnell insists that they sing, you are my sunshine, right? And they do it as a kind of way to pander. They agree to do it. They're like, you know, they think it's a kind of old time song, but they're willing to do it to kind of, to serve the propaganda effectively, to put on this face.  the face of Dan, you might say, to appease their benefactor, essentially. But so it does seem that these kind of solo references are being made. Homer Stokes, keep on the sunny side of life, right? So he represents on some level. I mean, we also see this sort of, you could argue, we also see a kind of faunic side to him with this Ku Klux Klan sequence.  But on some level, he represents the solar, which is also the Aryan, right? And the stealing of Apollo's flock, which occurs in the Homeric Hymns, and the slaying of Helos' flock, which occurs in the Odyssey. These are ultimately kind of references to conquering, I would argue, the Gentile flock, right? The solar flock.  I think that they're actually referred to as the oxen of the sun in Homer, right? So there are these little kind of asides or references to cattle, which is in No Country for Old Men, where the dumb goyim are compared on some level to cattle. There's even the cattle bolt gun that's used to kill people and so forth, right? Yeah. Yeah. So that metaphor is, again, it's a kind of maybe a tertiary metaphor in the film itself, but it's a metaphor that it does seem to imply that they're talking about going essentially with the cattle. It's all about winning the herd. Mercury stealing the herd from Apollo or Jacob stealing the herd from Esau. And while Jacob is stealing the herd, he's also mixing it, making it spotted and dark and so forth and mixing it. So all these things, I think, maybe the Coen brothers are not exactly thinking of the metaphors that I'm bringing up here, but I don't know. I think that they are thinking along these lines. And basically what I'm saying is a kind of a fair representation of what they're doing in this film. Essentially the Jew takes over the flock away from the Gentile.  Exactly. Do we have any questions or comments from the group? You're free to jump in.  Yeah, just in a broader sense, kind of zoom it out. I've heard people make the Dionysus and Yahweh connection before. I've heard scholars talk about it. But based on the literature, like the Old Testament, Yahweh versus maybe like a classical Dionysus, like something from Euripides, what similarities do you see to make that kind of comparison?  Well, I mean, are you recent to the show? It's a lot of old territory. Yeah, fairly recent, I guess. Yeah, well, so the ancients make the comparison. But you also see a lot of kind of references in the Hebrew Bible itself. Like if you look at the description of Judah from Jacob's blessing, it's basically a description of Dionysus. I mean, I don't really, you know what I mean? And it's something that we could, I guess we could revisit it now.  But both Yahweh and Judah can be compared readily to Dionysus. Let me find that. That's a pretty powerful... Jacob's blessing, yeah. I would say that Yahweh, as he's depicted in the Hebrew Bible, is a little more subtle, and... where Mark is going to go with this is that a lot of this is the fact that, um, Judah and company are depicted as Dionysian. And these are obviously the major figures in the Bible are similar to that. There's also something that we've stressed over and over, um, the sort of Dionysian strategy. It's actually a chapter title in the book of Abraham, uh, promoting through his sexy wife, Sarah, uh,  debauchery and wife swapping in Egypt and so on. So there's a lot there. The more obvious direct connection is with Jesus. Of course, in Christianity, or most of them, at least, Jesus is God. Jesus is Yahweh.  in this sense. The blood wine. Yes, the blood wine is just the most obvious, and turning water into wine. A dying and rising god, like Bacchus as well. Dying and rising, and there are actually even direct similarities between Euripides, Bacchae, and the Gospels. particularly the Gospel of John, where John might in some ways be structured like Euripides the Bacchae, or referencing it. An ironic twist, again, like we're seeing in these movies. This movie is a reference to a Hollywood film from 1941, the Preston Sturgis, Sullivan's Travels, as well as Homer, as well as obviously the Bible, too. So you have the book of John as a kind of rewriting of Euripides, which is a very interesting way to look at it, with, of course, Jesus as Bacchus coming into Jerusalem, shaking things up, um opposed by the law and order type people uh breaking through and ultimately being triumphant it different ending obviously yeah i mean but in general i think it's like and this is something that scholars have long acknowledged is that you know whether it's gods from sumer or from egypt or from greece or rome you know that we we have this what is called greek interpretation or roman interpretation  There's an understanding that the gods from later civilizations David Sloan, or derived from earlier civilizations right the names change, but the symbols remain the same, and this was something that was understood by the ancients. David Sloan, The only time that people get irritated with this sort of comparative mythology, as it were, where one God is identified with another is when it comes to Abraham ism right. David Sloan, That's when people are like oh well no no there's no comparison these gods and these figures are entirely unique they're born in this kind of vacuum they have no relationship to anything else.  There's a kind of hermetic world that is Abrahamism. I mean, it's just absurd. The premise is absurd. You know what I'm saying? No, you agree with me. Yes, of course. But I mean, I think this passage here is striking. You know, the scepter will not depart from Judah nor the staff from between his feet until Shiloh comes and the allegiance of the nations is his. Interesting.  He ties his donkey to the vine, his colt to the choicest branch. He washes his garments in wine, his robes in the blood of grapes. His eyes are darker than wine and his teeth are whiter than milk. Who is that describing?  It's the Judah, right? Oh, I know. I know. I'm saying the character in this film as well. Exactly. Yeah. And it's describing Bacchus as well. Just if you just read that passage to anyone, which God is that describing? Their mind immediately goes to Dionysus. He's also, you know, he's also associated with the donkey as are other proto-Jewish gods.  such as Typhon. Moses is associated with the donkey as well. Jesus, of course, is associated with the donkey, rides in on the donkey. The donkey, we argue, is a kind of symbol of the Gentile, the sort of outwitted dumb Gentile who's basically subservient to Judah, the house of Judah, right, which would include the donkey that Jesus rides into Jerusalem on. The Messiah's donkey, there's a term for it. There's a kind of theological term for it.  But that term itself is used as a kind of slur to describe someone who's stupid. The Messiah's donkey is stupid. It's a stupid person. This is, you know, it's used as a slur in the Hebrew. So, I mean, that's, you know, these are just some examples. But, I mean, I find it strange that people don't find it compelling that the ancients were making this comparison. Right. So, I mean, why isn't that, you know, because they're not Christians? They don't know. I mean. Mm hmm. So this was a pagan understanding, and it's an understanding that we can verify through various clues, you know, both within and without the biblical text, essentially. But yeah, I mean, that was the understanding in the ancient way. It was kind of a broad understanding that Yahweh and Marcus were the same God. know the only one who kind of like doubts it is tacitus uh and the reason he doubts it's actually for a pretty funny reason but i don't think that he i think he's kind of like doesn't get what's going on with jews uh there's a kind of duality to jews we describe it i mean one term for that is the caduceum we describe it as the caduceum kind of duality and tacitus says that you know oh all the ancients are saying that judah and bacchus are the same cult but When you look at the cult of Judah, they're all these sort of dour assholes who are like festive and celebrating and so forth. But when you look at Bacchus, they are festive, right? But of course, this speaks to the duality of Jews, where you have the entertainment Hollywood Jews, for example, the so-called secular Jews or atheist Jews or Jews that don't go to temples. or even the Jews that are operating in Cripsis that don't acknowledge that they're Jews during periods of greater antisemitism, for example, or even now. That this is the tribe of Dan, we argue, right? This is the tribe of Dan, the serpent that will bite you in the heel. And then you have the explicit Jews that are explicitly identified with Yahweh. So I think that that is where Tacitus is  doesn't get it, essentially. And maybe Tacitus, to some extent, is himself seduced by the cult of Bacchus. He's just like, fuck it, as in the manner Nietzsche was. Nietzsche was like, yeah, you know, Bacchus is we got to have a little more. Now, Nietzsche may have more complex reasons for favoring Bacchus, I would argue. I think he especially liked Bacchus as a foil against Jesus and against Christianity. But Tacitus  You know, I think he just made a bad reading, essentially. But he's actually in the minority of the ancients. And he is ultimately just kind of expressing an opinion that I think is naive in terms of an understanding of Jews and the sort of the cryptic manifestations of, you could even argue, pagan manifestations of Jewry, which in Hollywood, for example, we might say is a kind of pagan expression of Jewry. You know, exactly as Solomon was putting up pagan idols and so forth, Solomon, who's considered the wisest and greatest of Jews, really, is engaged in  uh, creating pagan temples. And this is considered a sin, but it's not really the, you know, if you read the opinion of the rabbis, you're like, no, this guy's actually bad-ass. The guy had 700 wives, 300 concubines, whatever the case was, he was, he, he is the expression of the fullness of Jewry at its pinnacle, at its most successful, the full waxing of the moon of Jewry is the metaphor actually that the Talmudists use. And, um, But all this is not understood, it seems, by Gentiles who just understand the Bible to be sacred or they're going to hell. So they've got to like everyone in the Bible, no matter how much of a little shit he is, like Jacob and whoever, right? Or Abraham giving his wife away to the Egyptians and so forth, right? These are weirdos. You know what I mean? This is not our ethos, effectively. You know what I mean? In any case.  And yeah, I mean, the Dionysia, so there's a direct comparison. The Dionysia was Hollywood in Athens, right? And it's actually named after the god Dionysus. The Dionysia is the Athenian theater, right? So there you go. This is the sort of sophistication of the phenomena of Jewry and proto-Jewry. And that's why we have to kind of bone up and figure out what the fuck's going on here. you know so in any case uh but yeah i appreciate the question but it's a question that we answer on on you know just i would encourage you to numerous occasions yeah yeah i get nick fuentes on that stuff too he should start doing some back listening you know i mean but um i appreciate the question  Anyone else or just some, even if you have just some thoughts on the movie, they're welcome. This is the time to offer them. Northern Invader.  Hey, I think you guys did a great analysis. I pretty much saw a lot of the same things when I watched it. Since it came up, I'm curious if you guys were open to a little more discussion of the Trojan War and the Iliad. And I think Mark might have made a similar point years ago. But doesn't the whole thing kind of seem like a big Caducean struggle where you have these two nobilities that have kind of been semitized? So you've got Agamemnon and his brother on one side who are descended from Pelops, which means dark-faced. And then on the other side, you have Priam and his descendants who ultimately like Zeus is an ancestor of theirs, but so is Electra.  who is the sister of Prometheus. You know, doesn't this look like we have two sort of great Semitic kings ruling over these vast Aryan forces, bringing them into battle against one another? Was it ultimately culminating in Odysseus' trick, who is, as you guys mentioned, a descendant of Hermes? Yeah, no. Are you suggesting that we read these? yeah priam it's who's the um trojan king again yes priam priam so priam and i think he also has this sort of phonic descendancy as well from pluto even maybe but they're agamemnon and so forth right so the point you make is well taken and there's it's more than that i mean there uh uh there were more indications that  the REM thesis is 100% on point. So when we style, I guess we sort of style ourselves Greco-Roman, right? So there's a kind of feud between the DR who they style themselves like after Odin. So they think that we're like, but that's not really what's going on with us. We're not trying to LARP, right? We're not trying to LARP as like greco-roman or anything like that we're trying to do an analysis and our analysis of the greco-roman myth is at least as tough as our analysis of uh um the norse myth right so we're not like we're just trying to understand the nature of these mess and Dr. And likely authorship of particular myths, for example, and really the significance of the myths and so forth. So I think what the caller is arguing, I think, is I, I think I basically just agree with the point which is, yeah, you have some elements of Semitic leadership.  we can say, on both sides. But then you have leaders, of course, that are Arian or signified to be Arian or essentially Arian, like Achilles. But Achilles is the most famous hero of the war, and he's fighting for the Greeks. So what I was saying before, that Mars or Aries and Zeus and Apollo are on the sides of the Trojans, the biggest Arian stud is probably on the actual mortal who's fighting in the battles.  I guess the gods partake in the battle to some extent as well. He is an Aryan, as far as I can tell, but he's of this sort of, he's almost a kind of janissary, right? And they need him to win the war. The whole thing, they have to recruit Achilles to win the war, right? So he's sort of manipulated by these other people to fight the war. And to Richard's point, there is this kind of reluctance to Achilles. He's vain and he's, you know what I mean?  So I agree with the point that you're making. Vain and gay, by the way. He's gay, yeah. I'm just going to grab something real quick. And to your point, even the Arian gods are divided. You've got Athena and Hera on the Greek side who want to destroy Troy because they're jilted at the judgment of Paris because he gave the apple to Venus.  Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So this goes to the point that I was making before, is that it's complex, right? We're looking at a complex battle. It's almost the time of Aryans and Semites fighting is sort of past by the time we hit the Trojan War. We see strong kind of, you could argue, a strong kind of cultural dominance of  or Semitic cultural dominance by the time we hit the Trojan War. But then we also, the old gods are kind of, or not even, they're not even old gods, obviously. There's still this sort of like Zeus's and Apollo and so forth, but their caste is sort of these foils or enemies of the Greeks, essentially, right? So there's something very subversive about it. And I think it's just kind of undeniably it is, you know what I mean? So to call it,  I don't know. So to even call it religion is a kind of interesting thing. Because, I mean, there is veneration that occurs. There's veneration of heroes and veneration of particular gods and so forth. But it's a kind of religion that's very distinct from anything that we encounter in Abrahamism. And there is a kind of inherent blasphemy, you could argue, at least from a sort of Christian perspective.  or even a perspective that would say, hey, well, shouldn't Apollo be held sacred? At least if he's depicted in art, he should be the victor. And he should be sexually successful, for example. He shouldn't be jilted by Daphne or Cassandra. And certainly as it occurs in the Dorian era, which has a Cretan influence among the Spartans, for example, he's  He has male lovers, right? Which appears to be kind of reflective of the development of a cultic that has its origin in Crete and may also have an origin in Thebes as well. So yeah, there's a lot subversive going on  in the Greek myth. It's one of the reasons that it's fascinating. And also, obviously, there are myths that we can find in there that are moralizing. We see, for example, the triumph of the gods over the Titans. The Titans, Jupiter, or Zeus overthrows Saturn, Kronos.  And we see the defeat of Typhon. We see the defeat of Python by Apollo. I mean, this is kind of describing the establishment of the Olympian order, of the Hellenic order, of Aryans kind of taking control. But then the myth has this whole sort of second act where you have Dionysus and Hermes appearing. And you have these myths that appear to seek to humble these Aryan chieftain gods essentially so it's it is very fascinating stuff uh i mean in it you see i think i would argue in it in the myths the greek myths you even see the decline of greece itself the hellenic decline you know through the development of the myth the myths become steadily more sort of subversive and so forth that's why we can't you know you have all these sort of people in the dr that love myth and they they want to treat it  as sacred or beyond criticism, but that obviously is not the approach, right? And so we're trying to like find a way that would be useful for organizing, spiritually, politically and so forth. But people are familiar with what the project is. Apolloism doesn't say that every myth about Apollo is  Really, it's not sacred. It's just like, nah, some of that's junk or whatever. But it's not junk in the sense that it tells us, it conveys so much information. We see a kind of strategy in the myth-making and so forth, and we are illuminated by the whole process of art development and myth development and so forth.  So the analysis is well worth it. So in that way, these myths are worth keeping around and analyzing because it's sort of like looking at a disease under a microscope. I mean, maybe that's too kind of dark an analogy and people will not like that comparison. But I think that that is, we keep these myths as things that we can study and look at in a laboratory and understand the development of myth and art in the ancient world, and also the significance of all these symbols that Jews appear to be, frankly, more conversant with than us. They appear to be more symbol-wise. Look at this movie we just reviewed, you know what I mean? I mean, look, granted, they may have brought on these references to Homer late, but they brought them on intelligently and applied them in an intelligent way, in a symbol-wise way, you know?  Just real quick to jump in about reading Homer in Alex Hugh. I think it's a good idea. Now... The issue is there are 24 books and the way we like to do things is that we like to give you a digestible piece for each lecture. And in fact, it's even better to read it aloud as we did the Bible. Yeah.  or at least Genesis and Exodus thus far. So there are 24 books in each of these. This is, here's the Robert Fagel's translation, which I read quite some time ago and have looked back upon.  Um, I, I was just glancing around on the internet on like study guides. I, I, it might be interesting if we want to dive in like reading book one, three, nine, 18 and 22, uh, and sort of, you know, cause we could do those, we could assign that reading each time. Now, are we going to do 24 weeks? Which is how I would want to do it. I, I, I, I, my ethic for this stuff is, you know, You can come up here and pontificate about, you know, Shakespeare or what have you, but you've really got to get into the language. You've got to do a close reading and read aloud what you're doing. So we're all sort of doing it together and learning together.  And the devil's in the details, Richard. Exactly. There's all these little things that you're going to miss if we talk about it generally. Exactly. You're going to learn much less. So you have to take your time. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And that's, yeah, and it's worth it. So I think it might be interesting... sooner rather than later to dive into the Iliad and basically maybe do a five-week session on it, where we encourage you, of course, to read the whole thing. Most of these translations are 500, 600 pages. It's a lot, but you're adults. But we could just focus in with a laser on these really famous chapters, and we could do a similar thing with the Odyssey.  I think it would be worth it. And we did the Homeric hems and so on. I think it would be well worth it. I wasn't even suggesting making it the next piece of subject matter for the course. But do you think maybe it even makes sense to say, OK, we'll have a few months where we sort of focus on some other things more light material give people time to read it pick a translation whether it's like fagles or latimore or whomever um and then say okay everyone's read it and then this will be these will be the excerpts that we're going to focus on um and then go from there yeah we can do something yeah we can do something like that yeah give people some time we have to do it at some point we have to do well then let's fucking do it then  Well, yeah, I mean, if you guys want to do a couple more Coen Brothers films, that's fine. I do, I do, but I'm just looking ahead like a month. Like, I think that's a reasonable thing, you know, and I would want to read, before I lecture on this or lead a close reading, I would read a little bit of secondary literature as well, just so I'm... I'm not just winging it, you know, I'm informed by what other people are saying, who are legit scholars and then obvious because well, no doubt we're going to do a reading that is interesting and bold and you sort of have to get your groundings before you launch. Yeah, no, this is the reason we should do it is because it will be very influential on the right if we do a reading and we have it. Because this is like the Iliad is like every asshole on Twitter is LARPing about the Iliad or whatever. So if we do, we go through the whole thing and we just do an analysis of it. You know, I think that, you know, REM theory can be proved through many different ways and through many different texts. But this is a text that people ostensibly have read. I doubt a lot of these guys have read it. Ostensibly, they've read it and that they are in full LARP mode over it.  And they're just like, you know, this is the Iliad. The Iliad is the Arian Western tradition, and the Bible is some Abrahamic bullshit. And you understand what I'm saying. Some of them say that, yeah. We give it like an intelligence. Some of them are like Jesus and like Achilles. They're like the same dude. They were like, you know, using the sword against their enemies, against blacks. They were just, you know, swatting them away like flies. That's true. That's true. Yeah.  Some of them are adherents of both. Right. Which, I mean, actually, it's not like it's fair. Given that both are kind of subversive on some level, you know what I mean? Now, one is maybe more subversive, you could say, because one is explicitly, you have to worship the Jew. One is just explicitly like, you got to worship the Jew. So we've reached a new phase.  We're done with the Apollo or Zeus frontman. Now you will directly worship the Jew. We've gone through a thing. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Again, I don't want people to take this out of context. The theory here is that either the cults in ancient Greece evidently have strong Pulaskian influence, So the Pelasgians, like the Etruscans, were very influential religiously and symbolically on the Hellenies and Romans, respectively. But I think that, sure, there could have been earlier, simpler, I would say, Arian cult forms. But there is a corruption there, obviously. The Pelasgians among the Greeks and the Etruscans among the Romans  Corruption. And also, I think that they probably are innovative with a lot of these things as well. We sort of have to give credit. But there, to the extent that they're innovative, it's more, you know, you could have a theory that the cult of Apollo was like sort of like getting Brad Pitt.  to be your front man, you know what I mean? And then developing an ethos from there effectively, right? At least in some of its forms. And I would say, especially among the Spartans we see, and especially maybe in that Peloponnesian area that's influenced by Crete, you know what I mean? And maybe there are cleaner forms of the cult of Apollo through the Eastern part of the Greek region. what would become basically a Greek empire among the Greek city-states and so forth, among the Ionians and so forth. Ionians famously, though, are understood as kind of the liberals to be contrasted with the Dorians who are the Spartans. And again, we're not saying, I mean, the Dorians were evidently a kind of Arian group, but there's cultural aspects there.  that are proto-Jewish, essentially, is the argument I would make, that are Cretan. And we're talking about the culture here. You know what I mean? Talking about the culture. We look at American culture. There's very many Jewish aspects to American culture. We look at Hollywood. Even before Hollywood, we have Christianity. We have the Puritans coming over. Is there Jewish influence there? Is there Jewish culture with the Puritans fucking naming themselves like Jebediah and like that?  You were creating a new Jerusalem in America. That is the foundational idea of America. Yes. That's what we're talking about. That's what we're talking about. We're less talking about sort of the race of the Greeks or the race of the Vikings, for example. We don't doubt the sort of the blondness and Aryan-ness of Vikings. That's not what we're going for. We're talking about culture and religion, especially.  Yeah. Well, regular guy, why don't you bring us home, because we've reached two hours, so go for it. Yeah, so in regard to the Trojans, the Franks and the Normans actually claimed descent from Trojans, like the Romans did with the Aeneid being most famous, and there was this incident where... The English as well, the Anglo-Saxons as well, so... um bead the monk bead writes about that right that's the pronunciation bead right yeah i'm not sure about that but you know they just the franks when they sacked um constantinople during the crusades they claimed they were doing this as most infamously revenge for the greeks destroying troy So my question is, is there something about Troy that maybe – that these Western European peoples – and it's specifically all Western Europeans doing. I'm not sure if the Bulgars or the Serbs claim that they were descended from Troy. But is there something about Trojan culture that's why these cultures that were prominent after the fall of Rome claimed to be descended from Troy? Or is it just something that was a carryover from the Aeneid? All right. So it's not Bede. I'm sorry. I get distracted here. It's not Bede. But it's Brutus of Troyes, a legendary British figure.  who's an ancestor. So it's a common... So throughout the... Europeans have commonly traced themselves to a Trojan origin. And we also see this, of course, which we've discussed. We've seen this with the Prose Edda, these Trojan ancestors. In fact, in the prologue... Yeah, they argue that even Thor could be a Trojan, right, who survived the Trojan War and is a descendant of Priam.  I think that's the genealogy that's presented there. Odin, Thor, and so forth. But they're descended from Priam and from the defeated Trojans, essentially. The Norse gods themselves, right? That's interesting.  Can you... Well, I think I can answer the point. We don't know very much about their actual culture outside of its depiction in what is no doubt fabulous literature. so it's i mean i i think it's very natural to sympathize with the trojans while reading the iliad you're you're doing a sort of resist resistive reading so to speak but they the trojans are not depicted as evil debauched idiots or something where you just love that they're being destroyed and  having their children thrown from walls and things like that. I mean, they are depicted as highly noble and sympathetic. And this is one of the reasons it's considered... Doesn't Odysseus throw Hector's child from a wall?  He commits some war crimes here and there. Well, as I remember, Achilles drags the body. He drags the body. Yeah. And Hector is the noble one. So Hector is... And the other thing, Hector doesn't have the sort of superpower of invulnerability, right? He's just basically immortal. And Achilles has become invulnerable because he's been dipped in the river Styx and held by his heel, right? The heel is his only point of vulnerability. So Hector, right away... is a mortal fighting basically the a god someone who can't be injured by weapons you know i think that this is sort of i think the film for example sort of poorly conveys this that film called troy right it just shows him as a sort of invincible hero which he was but it doesn't part of the trick to achilles is that if you hit him with a spear he's not going to be injured  Right. So that that wasn't that didn't really seem like it was shown in the film. There's a kind of tendency to glorify Achilles and simplify him and not making the sort of complex figure he is. Now, I think that they do give some dignity to Hector in that film. But but what Richard's saying is correct. And this is one of the reasons that we we still can look at the Iliad and be like, this is a great work of art. I mean, maybe the equivalent.  Again, the situation is different. It's not just the airing against the Semite or the airing against the mixed tribe led by Kronos, the Titans, and so forth. So it wouldn't be the equivalent. But if you made a film that showed Hitler as a noble adversary, it would be the equivalent of that.  Right. Which I think would be a kind of stunning work of art, even if you like gave like sort of nobility to both sides and even had some kind of criticism of the of the allies as being, you know, of Churchill being a warmonger or something like this bombing Dresden or something like that. You could make a great work of art that people would be like, yeah, that's the guy died at like a noble thing or whatever.  That's kind of like the post-Civil War view of the South from the North. There was a rejection of Reconstruction, and there was like, okay, slavery was unideal, it was bad, but we're not going to make the Dixies second-class citizens after the thing. We're all Americans. Let them fly their old flag, but they're still part of the Union. Like a kind of respect for the CSA. Mm-hmm.  Yeah, I mean, the film still has to be made. I mean, the closest I've seen to something like this, I don't know if you guys watch Band of Brothers, but there's a kind of... I actually would recommend it. It's not a...  it's a kind of, it's a slow burn, right? So, but it's succinct. It's only 10 episodes. So you only have to watch 10 episodes, but it's a kind of slow burn. I don't think that there's much like messaging going on. It's just the kind of like earnest account from veterans. It's kind of a refreshing aspect of it, right? And it's, and yeah, so it's a bit of a slow burn but if you're like a uh world two uh enthusiast you'll love it you know i mean uh because it it's talking about all the battles and the company it depicts as the easy company uh and they're marching through europe this you know after d-day and um and episode nine is the only one that's it's you know spielberg's the producer so there's they liberate a uh um  you know, a concentration camp. So there's a sentimentality there that not, you know, not everyone on the DR will, will appreciate probably, but it, the 10th episode, there was a kind of a lot of redemption in the 10th episode where they, basically they have these, I don't know, it's a spoiler alert, but it shows, so I'm not going to, I'll let you guys watch it. And if you, if you only watch the 10th episode, I think that that would, You know, you'd miss a lot, but you would see this scene and it does kind of convey a dignity to the enemy, the German enemy that is Nietzschean in nature, where it's just like, you know, you love your enemy, you show respect and you love your enemy. um and uh so i i thought that uh the sort of finale episode 10 10 episodes of band of brothers have some good stuff you know i mean i'm sure that i'm sure people in the dr have their criticisms and even of the depiction of battle and so forth and all kinds of details uh but i thought that generally there's some good stuff in it um in any case uh but i i think still the great war will do movie has not been made i mean  And should be made. And Nolan was kind of inching towards it with Dunkirk. But, you know, Dunkirk is... You know, he didn't... It was easier. Dunkirk's an easier one. He can insinuate and not... He can leave things ambiguous. You know what I mean? Yeah. Next week, do you want to just... cap off the uh coen brothers or we could move to shakespeare i i was um thinking about doing a romeo and juliet what do you feel like mark well um i am a not a shakespeare expert as i've described it's fine you keep don't worry about it you'll be fine yeah and i it because it's uh you know i've become expert in  R.E.M. analysis. And since it may fall outside of that domain, my analysis will be more of a kind of general nature is what I'm saying. But it does sound like he's a symbolist. So there is some symbolism going on there, at least. Well, I'm looking for Coen Brothers movies that we could watch. Well, I know we've talked about The Big Lombowski before, but we haven't done a two hour session on it. So, I mean, that's like their, in my humble opinion, greatest film and  Is that right? Masterpiece of cinematic art. We've seen it recently. But I guess it's... Have we talked... We've talked about it on the show. We talked about it one Thursday for like 45 minutes. And I... We haven't done a full analysis. We haven't done a full analysis. Yeah, I do. Okay.  I mean, it's just sort of the obvious one if we're going to do some Coen brothers. So let's just put off Romeo for another just two weeks. And then let's hit the Big Lombowski next week. And I've got to run right now. I'm actually a little bit late. I said I'd be done at five. But awesome. I will talk to you guys soon. All right. Bye-bye. All right. Bye.