All right. I hope everyone is doing well. And I think we're going to make this the final, well, not the final final, but the climax of our discussions of the movies of Joel and Ethan Coen, The Big Lombowski.  a great film, maybe their best, maybe their biggest cult classic. Those are two different things. It was released in 1998.  It was a broadly successful film. It was well-reviewed and I think was taken as somewhat of an art house film as well in the way that people were reviewing it in the New York Times and places like that. It made a little bit of money, not quite the success of other Coen Brothers films like Oh Brother and Fargo.  But it was quite successful and it has become a cult classic. Like a lot of their films, the casting seems perfect. The performances are hilarious. Especially Jeff Bridges as the dude. John Goodman. Julianne Moore. Julianne Moore plays Maude.  Steve Buscemi doesn't say very much. He's just sort of there. And so on. I actually didn't know that Tara Reid was Bunny Lebowski. And Peter Stormar, if that's how you pronounce it, he is German. He's most famous for Fargo and then plays a sort of similar character in The Big Lebowski. Yeah. I'm not sure I saw this one in theaters, and I saw it shortly afterward and lengthed it quite a bit.  But I basically took it as a madcap comedy, a lot of hilarious characters. Maybe I even thought of it a little bit like one of the stoner comedies that were popular in the 1990s and probably still popular, I guess, in the 70s as well, Cheech and Chong. But, you know, there were a number of stoner comedies like...  dude, where's my car? Or Harold and Kumar go to White Castle. I think that's the common interpretation of it is that that's what it is.  Right. And you can sort of see that. I mean, there are some very funny lines in the, well, that's like your opinion, man. You know, you can repeat those. Suppose I saw an interview where Jeff Bridges was talking about how all of those us were written into the script. So he was like trying to get the order, you know, kind of like Shakespeare. You don't want to miss a word.  But yeah, it can definitely be taken that way. I mean, if that's what you enjoy. But there are many levels to the movie. And I don't think I appreciated those when I first saw it. And then Mark and I watched it together. I had not probably watched it for a number of years.  It's probably in 2023 or something like that. And we both started to sense a great deal of gem going on. And then we watched it again and sort of cracked it. And now when I watch it, it really just flies off the screen. But before we talk about that, I think there's some other...  layers that are in many ways explicit. They're sort of outer layers of what's going on here. And I think those are worth talking about before we go into symbolism and what the Coens might be saying in this film and what each character represents. Again, those are very powerful, but I think there's some outer layers that are worth discussing.  He's a man for his time. That is the dude. And that time is the early 90s during the first Gulf War. And I don't think that is an incidental reference that is made. In fact, that whole idea of drawing a line in the sand, which you see with... in the opening scene in the grocery store where there's a television playing George Herbert Walker Bush talking about Saddam. That is repeated by Walter. It's repeated by the dude. It's a theme in the film.  this aggression will not stand. It's interesting that this concept of bowling alone was in the air During the writing and filming of this book and excuse me, writing and filming of this movie and certainly in the wake of the movie. So there is a book that I imagine many on this call have actually heard about.  which is Bowling Alone by Robert Putnam. And this is just a little brief summary here. Bowling Alone, the Collapse and Revival of American Community is a 2000 nonfiction book. So that would have come out two years after the movie by Robert D. Putnam. It was developed from his 1995 essay entitled Bowling Alone, America's Declining Social Capital.  Putnam surveys the decline of social capital in the United States since 1950. He has described a reduction in all the forms of in-person social intercourse, upon which Americans used to found, educate, and enrich the fabric of their social lives. He argues that this undermines the act of civic engagement, which a strong democracy requires from his citizens. I mean, interestingly, Robert Putnam would later... Write a book, I think it was called E Plurius Unum, that was about diversity and how racial and ethnic diversity create a low trust society. So he's one of these liberal, no doubt liberal academics. But he's an old school liberal, someone who clearly wants America to work and thinks that. Social capital institutions is particularly small institutions like churches, like bowling leagues, like Rotary clubs, like Cub Scouts, that these things are actually extremely important and society can't function without them. And so I think he almost seems a bit conservative.  in many ways in his lament for the passing of these things. And he used bowling alone as a metaphor. Now, of course, no one's exactly bowling alone. At least the dude and Walter and Donnie are not bowling alone. They are in a league.  But the bowling alley clearly represents a site of social decay. Everyone in the bowling alley is some sort of deadbeat or...  or fatso or convicted child molester in the case of Jesus, et cetera. Uh, there's something certainly quaint and funny about these characters in the bowling alley, but there's something also sort of sarcastic and, uh, Maybe even a little bit vicious in the sense of these are all idiots who are the they're almost like the dust in these abandoned institutions that have remained.  and abided as these things collapse. So again, the essay came out in 1995. It was talked about in The New York Times, et cetera. The full book came out in 2000 that is after the movie. But so the reference might be coincidental. That's certainly possible. He was thinking in line with Robert Putnam. But I think it's actually likely that He knew very well or they knew that is the Coen brothers knew very well about this concept and they wanted to explore it. I'll save the dude. Maybe let's just watch the opening scene to kind of. Richard, what I would say, I mean, it's of course speculation whether or not that they were consciously referencing that essay, which they may have been, they may have been inspired by it. But what I would say, though, is that there are, I mean, one... way that would help with your argument, I suppose, is there is a theme of basically a deterioration or decline of civilization, which strangely mirrors No Country for Old Men, right? But it's dealt with in a kind of humorous way. And a lot of that has to do with the decline of civility and morals and so forth. So there's a kind of foreshadowing of No Country for Old Men. The cowboy character is concerned about  the vulgar use of language and so forth. In fact, he becomes offended by the dude. There's their first encounter at the bar. Do you have to use so many cuss words? Yeah, exactly. But there's also an incident in a diner as well where Walter is cursing and they say this is a family restaurant. Yeah.  And Walter's argument is basically a kind of libertarian argument. And he even talks about people in Vietnam dying with their face in the muck because they died for the First Amendment, right? So it's sort of – it's the Coen brothers poking at this sort of inherent – tension between American libertarianism, essentially, freedom of speech, and so forth, and the civilization You know, as it exists as a civil civilization where people are acting with propriety and decency and so forth, there's a kind of inherent conflict there that the Coen brothers are kind of using about in that scene, essentially. And so it's all it's showing the film is showing in a much more kind of humorous and light manner. The decline of civilization that was also shown in No Country for Old Men. So they're kind of dealing with a similar theme.  And, you know, the one sort of symbol that's in common, you could say, is the cowboy. Right. Yeah. And he's he being offended by sort of the decline and looking at, you know, even the symbol of the tumbleweed, which becomes the sort of first symbol that we see in the film.  the tumbleweed itself as a symbol. I mean, it can, the word itself can be used for a place that is, you know, is a tumbleweed that's has declined essentially. Right. Uh, it also could be a reference to, you know, the, the nomadic nature of the Jew, such as dude, right. To the extent that we understand dude is a kind of crypto Jewish figure, which I think, I think he ultimately is. And we will make the argument on this call, but, uh,  But it also is a symbol of decline, the tumbleweed, right? And in theory, there could even be a play on marijuana as being part of this, right? Because marijuana is kind of a subtext. The tumbleweed and tumble, maybe a play on, you know, when you're tumbling something, you're destroying it, right? Now that might be a little bit of a reach, but evidently we could see the tumbleweed as a symbol of desolation and decline. You know, we associate it with ghost towns, for example.  But then it may also have this other aspect of representing the nomadic, the tumbleweed, right? And the song, I mean, I think it becomes an important symbol in the film. It's the first image we see, and then it's a kind of reoccurring song. We could argue that it's a sort of a leitmotif of this cowboy character, because when he appears again, we hear the song again. But it also could be a leitmotif or a leitmotif of um uh the dude right so it could also be a dude uh the tumbleweed um all right i'll let you yeah let's let's watch the the opening scene i i think a lot is encapsulated in it um let's go right here  Yeah, so my short point was that the film does deal with the breakdown of society. So that would support the argument that they were kind of consciously thinking of that essay, because that essay also deals with the breakdown of society.  Yeah, exactly. That's why I think I Joel and Ethan Cohen might pretend otherwise, but they're clearly literate people. And I could very well imagine them reading about this essay in The New York Times. It was actually published in an academic journal called The Journal of Democracy. But, you know, a lot of these in the 90s, you know, pre-internet, early internet, there was a lot of discussion of these on NPR or something like that. Like, would they interview Robert Putnam to talk about his work for an hour? And I think it might very well have... even been like the genesis of the film again i don't know that for certain but i i think yeah and they would and and i think that they're also i mean there is for example i think that they use a couple of um what we what we would call um i think the term was exoteric alibi uh but basically an alibi where they are saying they're claiming an inspiration um  To basically cover deeper symbols. Right. So an example of this, this in my mind would be that the dude character is based on one of the Seattle seven. And I think he is to some extent, I think he's based on one of the Seattle seven, but there's deeper layers there. Right. So Jeff Dowd.  who I don't know if he's a Jew or not. He may not be a Jew. I don't know much about him, but he was one of the Seattle Seven. And I think the dude's character might be inspired to some extent by Jeff Dowd. This is the claim. And then Dowd becomes Dude, right? So that becomes the answer for Dude. And his first name is also Jeff, right? So Jeffrey Lebowski, Dude, Dowd.  But I think that they're deeper. I think you and I would both agree that there's a kind of deeper layer of symbolism going on there. So that would be an example of an exoteric alibi, essentially. Yes, definitely. That becomes like additional obfuscation, essentially, that they can say in interviews and say, oh, yeah, well, it's inspiring. And it's actually not a lie. I'm sure that probably to some extent the character was inspired. oh yeah no doubt i mean i don't even think they necessarily need it jesus may have been inspired by a real jesus right in theory yeah that doesn't mean he's not also bacchus and adonis and so forth right exactly i might not even use the word alibi in the sense that you know it they they see this phenomenon that i think and robert putnam was not alone in seeing this in the 90s that i mean we would now we might even look back into the 90s nostalgically because there was no social media and people wore a coat and tie to the office and america was 80 white or something you know i mean i i can understand some nostalgia for the 90s but uh let me just break the sad news to our uh millennial and zoomer audience which is that the the 90s kind of sucked and it was a time of  An anxiety over a loss of purpose in the United States. I would say that in many ways came out of the the end of the Cold War, but came out of a overall exhaustion. And, you know, there was a stock market craze at the end of the 90s that blew up in 2000, I believe, the dotcom bubble, 2001. So there was some sort of heady thinking, but it wasn't it was a decade in which there was a lot of sense of decline in America. The Pap Buchanan campaign sounded these notes. The Ross Perot campaign sounded these notes.  Democrats would say these things, that the Cold War is over and Germany and Japan won. That was a line from Paul Songhas that I've mentioned a few times in the podcast. There was a general sense of who are we, what are we doing here during that decade? Yeah, well, capitalism had triumphed. So if our purpose was capitalism, well, then what is our purpose? Exactly. Yeah, so it also becomes...  Yeah, I mean, you're correct. There is something kind of dour and cynical about the 90s. But you could also say, and I think that this was felt at the time, too, it's a reaction to this sort of shallowness of the 80s. And the, you know, materialism, you could even argue, of the 80s. So, and I think that, you know, so in other words, I don't, you know, I think that the 80s,  the 80s were kind of ultimately unsustainable, whether economically or spiritually or socially. So they had to come to an end. And in a good way, that can be turned into a positive. Because again, I think there's also, there might even be more kind of nostalgia on the dissident right for the 80s. But the 80s, I mean, it's kind of, I mean, I think that you might point to the fact that it was sort of useful for our society to have this adversary in Russia and have the adversary of communism. It actually had a kind of sort of unifying and stabilizing, gave the society a sort of goal in Canada and so forth. But ultimately, it was kind of shallow, right? Because it was ultimately...  You know, what is the identity? Americans are capitalists. So, I mean, it's right. You know, in other words, and it's not like when we use the term materialism, I think that there are different senses of that word materialism. Right. So someone who's a Platonist or someone who's a Christian would think of the flesh would include the flesh, which would also include race. Right. Sarx in the Greek. Right.  But there's another sense it is about money, right? Money or sex or even kind of carnal and degenerate sex. And these are all different terms of materialism or flesh. But I think that there is a healthy sense of materialism that's tied to sort of identity and especially to people and to family and so forth that is in some sense material.  But I don't think that that was really what was going on in the 80s. I mean, I think the 80s was a material girl, you know. Yeah. Like I'm shopping at Bloomingdale's and hanging out on Fifth Avenue like that. That's that kind of materialism is what sort of triumphed. And even in 1984 with Morning in America and the Reagan campaign, it was basically about let's get rich.  Yeah, and it was sort of early stage Bacchanalia, too. Well, I mean, I guess we had kind of more advanced stages of Bacchanalia before that with like the 60s and 70s, but it was... Well, it was a synthesis because it was sort of like...  And I think where the dude is coming from, because remember, the dude tells us about his life. And, you know, he says, I was the co-author of the Port Huron statement, not the compromise second version. So this guy was a 60s radical who's occupying campuses and attacking the ROTC and doing drugs, went to Woodstock. You know, I mean, this is who that guy was. He was, you know, we might call him now Antifa. He was it was about.  drugs and revolution and even violence. And so it was like antagonistic towards the broader culture. I think the 80s was a sort of synthesis for the boomers, because the boomers were getting older. They were  Um, in the, in the 1980s, they were sort of my age. Now they're in their forties, um, or, you know, large part of them. And, uh, it, it was a kind of like synthesis of, I go to work, I work hard. I make a lot of money, but then, you know, I also did cocaine and screw my secretary on the weekends or something. There was this like sort of synthesis of the bacchanal elements of the 60s and 70s with a kind of You know, we're all grown up now and we've got our life together and we've got a mortgage in the suburbs. It was an interesting period. I mean, I understand 80s nostalgia and I love 80s music and all that kind of stuff. But I think we need to also see it straight and not think of it as like...  the Third Reich Triumphant or Utopia or something. It was not. And it came in a very particular time. Yeah, go ahead. When he says not the compromise second version, is that like an allusion to almost like a weather underground type thing? Exactly, yes. The Students for a Democratic – what is it? Students for a Democratic Society. And I think the more – like the compromised ones continued with the pacifist route, whereas the ones who would see that as a compromise became the weather underground.  Oh, interesting. Yeah. The Port Huron Statement is a 1962 political manifesto of the American student activist movement, Students for a Democratic Society. But this came really early, quite early on 1962. It was written by SDS members and completed in 1962 at a United Auto Workers retreat outside Port Huron. So they were at that point trying to create almost a proletarian revolution. The ones who would see the second version as a compromise would have been the ones who split off to become the weathermen. The weathermen, and then in the 70s, the weather underground. We're just terrorists now. I think that's definitely there. Yeah.  Now, of course, might the dude be exaggerating? Is he really that? Was he really that? He's selling it up to the girl he's trying to impress. Exactly. But still, the Coens are associating him with those movements. There's no question about it. Uh, yeah, just I don't want to dwell on this too much, but it's worth talking about this broader culture. I so over the past couple of days with a friend of mine, actually, we were watching this series, which you can watch on Hulu called Mrs. America.  And it's basically about Phyllis Schlafly versus the women's libbers in the 70s. And it also shows how left and right got codified and where we are now, basically. And Cate Blanchett plays. Phyllis Schlafly, and she's just, you know, an amazing actress, really good at playing these villainous women that you, you know, they're the antagonist in the movie, but you sort of sympathize with them because they're so deliciously evil and complicated and so on. And she definitely...  plays that up. But Phyllis Schlafly was a homemaker who went to Harvard and she was from Illinois. And she was really all about, you know, the Soviet Union. She studied political science and nuclear strategy and so on. And I think that's where her starting point was. Maybe that's where her heart always was of this, you know, the communist menace and Henry Kissinger selling us out to the Soviet Union. And that was her basic ideas. You know, into the 70s, she started to realize that the communists are here and the communists are actually well dressed, attractive people like Gloria Steinem, who are living in New York City and writing for major magazines. And there is this it's all about the battle of the ERA Equal Rights Amendment, which ultimately didn't pass. But it just shows, you know, women's liberation over the course of the 70s is really, you know, it's really a very good thing. But I think it definitely gets to. these the you know these these notions of like you know the enemy abroad you know line in the sand the enemy within and then also it i i'm it it sort of suggests the the 90s of  Is there an enemy? Who are we fighting? You know, women's liberation, that just means you have a job like the rest of us. You're a wagee. It doesn't mean, you know, who are we? Where are we going? Whom are we fighting against? And so on. Anyway. Well, a couple of things I wanted to mention about, because it just occurred to me, a sort of new and useful etymology for the epithet dude, right? So dude, the word, I think is insightful. So I'll just share my screen for a second here. The word itself can mean a city dweller, for example, right? Yes. But especially in this context, and we remember beginning of the film the cowboy character what's the name of the cowboy character again um or is he just a narrator i'm not sure he has narrator yeah okay what's the name of the actor sam yeah uh sam someone can look it up yeah he was in tombstone he's been in a ton of things  Yeah, he's a kind of archetypal. Sam Walton. He's always the cowboy, right? Exactly, yeah. Sort of typecast in that role. But here, for example, a Western US usage of the term, an urban Easterner who vacations on a ranch. So it's sort of a respectful term, it would seem. A dude is what the cowboy's  that are hosting them on the ranch would call these sort of city slickers coming in, right? Yes. A person reared in a large city. So already, you know, we're talking about the rootless cosmopolitan here, right? Which is a term that people love in the DR. The tumbleweed would be another symbol, right? But then also there's a kind of a feminacy implied because I think it ultimately um the word dude may find an etymology in the word dandy if i'm remembering correct yeah i i looked at the same yeah it might come from um a yankee doodle dandy and it might be a kind of corruption or contraction of dandy yes and dandy that is a kind of a feminine  an ostensibly effeminate man who's obsessed with clothing, grooming, and so forth. We have this modern term of a metrosexual, right? And so at the beginning, the cowboy narrator is like, I wouldn't call anyone a dude or whatever. He says something basically derisively. That handle, we wouldn't self-apply where I'm coming from, but it fit him well. Yeah.  Like, he's surprised that anyone would self-identify as a dude or whatever. He makes some derisive remark because he's basically expressing a kind of cat, a sort of country sense of decency and masculinity versus the effeminate city dwelling, right? It's a kind of contrast that's being made in the film. And he's obviously someone who's kind of skeptical. But here's another play that I think may be occurring.  Possibly. So I would just sort of suggest this in an etymology for the character of Dude in the Coen Brothers film, The Big Lebowski. So right here, we're looking at Strong's Concordance. And I guess it might even be Dude might even be this sort of pronunciation here, Dude, right? The spelling would lead you to believe it's dud or the way that it's rendered here.  would cause you to believe that the pronunciation is dud, but it might be dude. So this is interesting. And the number here for Strong's Concordance is 1731. The meaning is basket, cauldron, kettle, pot. But it's also, this is David. It's the same word for the name David. So it could be a reference to David. Now,  What would corroborate this is the name Lebowski means son of the lion or something like that. Right. So David, we know is the lion. Well, David is a lion. Well, so it might be suggesting him as a kind of Jewish character like David. So I would just suggest that as an etymology. Fascinating.  Yeah, and I think very possible. I shared my screen because you sort of have to see it to believe it. I think sometimes people think that Brahmin's just spinning, but just if you have a dictionary open, you basically can confirm everything I'm saying. And this is the sort of secret, or this is one important key to Jem, is that there's a careful and clever and intelligent use of language and language.  words and names, maybe especially. So if you have a dictionary, or you can Google a dictionary, dictionary.com is the one I prefer, you can often see that there are layers to some of the symbols that they're using, especially in language and names, right? Yeah. Let's just watch the opening scene, because there's a lot going on there, and I think it will be food for thought.  Um, let me put that in. See them tumbling down, pledging their love to the ground. Way out west there was this fella, fella I want to tell you about. Fella by the name of Jeff Lebowski.  At least that was the handle his loving parents gave him. And he never had much use for it himself. This Flebowski, he called himself the Dude. Now, Dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where I come from. But then there was a lot about the Dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me. And a lot about where he lived, likewise. But then again,  Maybe that's why I found the place so darn interesting. They call Los Angeles the city of angels. I didn't find it to be that exactly. But I'll allow there are some nice folks there. Of course, I can't say I've seen London. And I've never been to France. And I ain't never seen no queen in her damn dundies, as the fella says. But I'll tell you what, after seeing Los Angeles and this here story I'm about to unfold, I guess I've seen something every bit as stupefying as you'd seen in any of those other places. And in English, too. So I can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good Lord jipped me. Now, this here story I'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s.  Just about the time of our conflict with Saddam and the Iraqis. I only mention it because sometimes there's a man, I won't say a hero, because what's a hero? But sometimes there's a man, and I'm talking about the dude here. Sometimes there's a man, well, he's the man for his time and place. He fits right in there.  And that's the dude in Los Angeles. And even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in Los Angeles County, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide. But sometimes there's a man. Sometimes there's a man.  Lost my train of thought here, but hell. Okay.  for what it's worth. So he lives in Venice, California. He has his only form of ID is a Ralph's value club guard. He's about to sign a check for 69 cents, which is sort of funny and fitting. It's interesting that this takes place on September 11th, 1991. And I don't know. It is a little bit...  remarkable sort of makes you want to put on a tinfoil hat or something that they have. This was during the time of the first World Trade Center bombing. It's obviously exactly 10 years before 2001. And then the camera immediately goes to a image of a television screen with George Herbert Walker Bush talking on it. I mean, Yes, if you are of that bent, you might say that the Coen brothers had foreknowledge and were warning slash gloating. But it obviously is in all likelihood. Well, you know, there's a simpler explanation and I would say more plausible explanation than that. If you were going to take a conspiracy view of it, you could argue it's just a coincidence. which is probably the most likely I would argue, but I, you could say that people who were Coen brothers fans that saw like some great amount of significance in the film. I mean, first of all, in this, we go against the argument. There are many Jewish films that have messaging that's kind of similar to this messaging. We call it gem effectively. But in theory, I, They could have saw the film and referenced it, but I think that there are more significant in this itself. So September 11th could be a reference to something else. And I don't know the number September or 9-11 could be a reference to something else.  Yeah, it's very interesting because it would be 9-1-1-9-1 or 1-1-9-9-1. Very, yeah. So that's what I would say, Richard. I would say that if there were – because I wouldn't discount the idea. Well, the other option, Mark, is that the Big Lombowski inspired al-Qaeda.  And so they, in honor of this film, they decided to attack the World Trade Center. I mean, have you ever considered? Bin Laden is a big Coen Brothers fan. Yeah, yeah. So I think that the most plausible, like, so I'm not discounting the idea that September 11th may have some symbolic meaning. I just don't think that we know what that meaning is.  And that meaning may be common both to the event and both to the scene, right? But I just don't think we know what that meaning is. I mean, there is a kind of coincidence that I think would be a case of obviously sort of perspective from our perspective, but Revelation 9-11 is –  That's where Apollyon appears as a demon who is then cast into Hades or whatever. Wow. Doesn't that lend credence to Massad did 9-11?  Well, I think there are other clues that are more compelling than this scene. Sure, of course. They reach that number from the same source material, you know what I'm saying? That's what I'm – right. So there's a Q source, so to speak, right? So there's a meaning to 9-11 –  which I, I totally think is possible. I just don't know what that meaning is. And I don't really have a strong speculation. Yeah. You need to be a Kabbalah expert to decipher what exactly. I mean, that might, that, I mean, that might be one place to look or it could be, there could be a simpler sort of symbolism going on. I don't know. You know what I mean? But I'm just saying that we don't know to the extent that nine 11 has some significance. We don't know what the significance is. Um, You could argue, though, like there's a very obvious reason why, you know, if you have a conspiracy theorist, or no, even if you have, yeah, if you have a conspiracy theory that Mossad was involved, and again, there are reasonable reasons to believe that they may have been involved because it does appear that Israel had foreign knowledge of the event. So I think it's completely like, you know, they could have been involved. I think that that's,  You know, that's a possibility. Now, will we ever know the answer to that question? Maybe never will know the answer and maybe history will never know the answer to that question. And maybe in the future will be regarded as a kind of anti-Semitic conspiracy theory if things go continue to go poorly for the white race. Right. But so what I would say, though, is the following.  that the obvious symbolism for 9-11 is emergency, emergency, dial 9-1-1, right? And that could have been, the people who plotted 9-11 could have been like, okay, well, this is gonna be the perfect branding because it's gonna remind people of the number that they use to call the cops. This is an emergency. We need everyone's attention to this event. It's an emergency, 9-1-1, dial 9-1-1, right? To me, that seems like a very plausible explanation for why that date was chosen as a kind of... Again, if we accept a kind of conspiracy theory, that would be explanatory in my view. I don't know. What do you think? Yeah, I agree with what you're saying. Let's just... Yeah, go ahead. There are other things in that scene, I think, that So there's a whole discussion of dude and we kind of preempted the scene by having, you know, we dissected some of the symbols that appear in this narration beforehand. So we have a sense of this character the dude uh the symbol the tumbleweed what it could possibly mean even the name uh los angeles is very like biblical right he's in the city city of angels yeah yeah and if it's david uh the lion wealth in the city of angels and he's sort of the man of the time he's the perfect man of the time you know i think that there's a lot there um but The other thing, and he's drinking milk, you know, sort of, you know, you could argue it's kind of the, but he's sort of sniffing it to see if it's gone bad, right? Like, has the society declined to the point where it's not, you know, it's no longer really has resources? It's literally rotting. Yes, it's literally rotting whites is one way of looking at that, of that scene. Yeah.  And then he's drinking them down. And later on, I was going to save this for later, but what is the dude's drink of choice? The white Russian and the Caucasian?  And that is sort of a odd choice. Like if I, if I were to make a stoner film, I'm not sure I would have him drinking cocktails that, that it seems more likely to drink beer. I don't, I don't know, but I, you know, again, this really fits. That was a very specific choice by the Coen brothers. And, and it is cooperated by sniffing the milk as well.  Sometimes the bar, sometimes you eat the bar, sometimes the bar eats you, right? Yes. It's also a consumption motif of, he's literally eating the Caucasians, right? He's eating, just like Yahweh is eating the sacrifices that we argue represent Gentiles, for example, right? Livestock sacrifices. But even the word, I mean, I think you'll get a kick out of this, that milk...  We know that we have this character in the Hebrew Bible known Laban. And there's a cognate word, I mean, in Arabic. So I don't, I haven't seen it. Do you want to share your screen? Yeah, I will. I'll share. I sent a request. Yeah. um but so this is laban it's a cognate of white it means white essentially in the arabic it actually means milk right so this is interesting and it's you know but but this idea i mean i think that it's it's not a controversial position to say for example the expression milk and honey has a kind of fertility it's a reference to fertility right it's  It's a reference to a land of prosperity and even genetic prosperity and so forth. So milk has that association. But it may also be a reference to fairness white people, essentially.  Milk and honey. I mean, you could argue maybe honey is a reference to the golden hair of Apollo and so forth. But gold, honey is gold. Yeah, gold and white. Gold has an Aryan, as we've established, gold has a solar and Aryan significance and so forth. So there, yeah, he's sniffing the milk. And I think it's, you know, I've seen this as well in other films where milk in films that evidently contain gems, I'm not, I probably have forgotten exactly which films they are, but I think this is the third time I've seen this sort of motif of like a character that is coded Jewish sniffing milk to see if it's rotted. One was the Tom Cruise movie where it's about,  Pre-crime, what's that one called? Oh, Minority Report. Yeah, Minority Report. So it happens in that film as well. Sniffing of the milk and realizing it's rotted. Oh, that's where the Tom Cruise character, he's blind because he's changing his eyes and he reaches in the refrigerator and the milk's bad.  Yes. Interesting. Alex DeLarge in Clockwork Orange is always drinking milk. It's like a common symbol. And do you think that is to signify Aryans in the sense that it's like the herder? The Aryan domesticated the cow?  Yeah, I was actually had this conversation on Twitter recently. So, I mean, that's a possibility, but I think it also might be related to the sort of the fairness of the skin. So basically white milk becomes a symbol for white fairness, fairness of skin. And, you know, one instance of etymology that I would sort of posit as a possible, you know, corroboration of this idea is the etymology for gall. let me just pull it up yeah one etymology for the word Gaul or Gala is milk and it's a reference essentially the Greek word I believe for milk I'll have to maybe I'll verify this as Richard speaking or bringing up clubs but and it's a reference to the fairness of the Gauls and the Gauls were sort of these northern dwelling tribes right and They were associated with the Hyperboreans, for example, and we could argue that they are, they represent sort of, to some extent, proto-Helenes, right? They come from the same sort of racial stock, what were considered the Gauls, you know, northern invaders, essentially, associated with Apollo and Hyperborea and so forth. So, You know, I mean, that could be an example of milk being associated with race, white and so forth. And I mean, another possibility, too, is that milk is also associated in Sumerian poetry with semen. Right. So it has a kind of it becomes a fertility symbol. Milk has a kind of fertility significance. Right. In any case, I think we can move on. But the other thing I was going to mention, though, is Oh, no, I think we covered the – well, there is another song, and I don't know if you brought up the clip, but when we first are introduced to the bowling, there's a love song. Do you have that clip? Is this The Man and Me by Bob Dylan? I'm not sure. It's the first time we see them bowling. But it's basically kind of described as a kind of, or it seems like they're indicating as a kind of romantic activity, essentially. And that's the first clue. I mean, but later in the film, it's kind of very clearly sort of, there's a kind of metaphor with sex and even homoerotic sex with the character Jesus. So it becomes a kind of clear metaphor in the film  for sex. And it becomes kind of obvious when he has that dream sequence that actually has a kind of cinema title at the beginning of it called gutter balls, right? And it's very clear that bowling becomes a metaphor for sex and the lane has vaginal significance and the ball you know, has a penetrative significance and it goes down and knocks over the pins and so forth. But I mean, that's a scene I think probably- Yeah, well, I have that in the keynote, so we'll get to that. Let's just- Oh, cool. So the only point I was making is that that sort of scene is foreshadowed And the symbolism of sex and bowling is indicated in the first scene that we see bowling as an activity. There's a love song, basically. So there's a kind of romantic aspect where, you know, suggesting in the innocuous reading would be that they're in love with bowling and so forth. So they, you know.  And it's a kind of ballad to a woman. I can't remember the song. I was going to look it up. Why don't you find that while I play this, and then I can get Pax. Pax has a question, which I'll get to right after this. But why don't you find that scene, and we could figure that out. I've only introduced him enough. ...with them all for collective action. This will not stand. This will not stand, this aggression against Kuwait.  okay and the plot is set off from that point um  Yeah, it is. This is another theme. And you can see this elsewhere in the Coen brothers where it's almost like language are these shards or memes that get picked up by people. And they're just countless examples of this where someone will use a phrase and then it'll be picked up by someone else later. In the parlance of our time, man, is maybe the classic one because it's about language.  But Maude is always talking about, you know, the vagina, clams, beaver, so to speak. But men are quite comfortable talking about their penis or Johnson dick.  Just there are all these words. Chinaman is another where Walter even corrects the dude. He's like, you know, in the parlance of our time, we now refer to them as Asian Americans. And the dude calls the big lambasque, oh, he's crippled or handicapped, disabled.  is the word, according to Brandt. She's going all... She owes money all over town is another one that keeps getting picked up by other characters. I think there's sort of... The Coen brothers are kind of like seeing... This decaying society where we have these like shards of language that we're picking up from the television and elsewhere. So Walter will basically say, this cannot stand, this cannot stand, this act of aggression. We're drawing a line in the sand here, dude. He's basically mimicking what he's hearing on the nightly news.  I think it's just very smart writing in the way that they do this. These memes come out of multiple mouths and come out of the television and get sort of traded around. Pax, do you want to jump in with a question? Yeah, I don't know if you mentioned this, but the...  The George H.W. Bush White House lawn statement was made on August 5th, 1990. So it looks like he's postmarking this check like an entire, at least a year in advance. Oh, 1990. So he's, wow. Okay. I actually put a link to that George Bush statement in the chat. Interesting. Well, there is this whole conspiracy theory with Snake Eyes, the film, Nicolas Cage, an obscure bad film, right? De Palma is the director, I believe. And a person is assassinated in it by a sniper, and his name is Charles Kirkland, right? And so there's conspiracy theories surrounding that, that it represents a kind of predictive programming. Yeah. Now... I think that those theories are, I think that if we were to treat them kind of seriously and not just say that it's a coincidence and it's conspiracy, which is one way of treating them, which is a completely legitimate way to treat them, in fact, what I would argue is that It is possible, you know, we have this thing called Jungian synchronicity, which is a kind of Jungian concept, essentially. And this would be an example of Jungian synchronicity. Charles Kirkland or the 9-11 on the check. And then they're talking about Kuwait and talking about, you know, the Gulf War and so forth. Right. So this might be an example of Jungian synchronicity. But What I would argue is that what may be going on in, I think the concept of a collective unconscious, a Jungian collective unconscious, I do actually think it's a valid concept. But I think that what's going on is that it's informed essentially by conscious artists and conscious creators of religion who are creating religion in a kind of conscious way and are seeking to program people and influence people's uh psychologically in a conscious manner i think that this is you know this is how we would define gem for example but then that informs a uh youngian subconscious right and so in theory uh you could argue that some of these sort of youngian synchronicities are a consequence essentially of this uh this youngian collective subconscious i mean that's a theory right  And that might account for some of these coincidences, right? So that that's a kind of, you know, it would be, I think, that theory, you know, again, we could just be talking about coincidences here. But that theory might be more valid than some of the sort of conspiracy ideas that, you know, for what you're saying is that like an artist is engaging in symbolism and that story and those symbols are implanted in the mind of the killer Charlie Kirk, for instance. And so that's the line of causation.  Yeah, well, that's very rational. That's not there's no woo woo going on. That's very. Yeah, but it's a kind of subconscious consequence. Right. But and I think the term that which I think is sort of a colloquial term and not a it has another application, but I think people are calling it predictive programming. Right. That's what conspiracy theorists call it. But I think the term has another  in computer science or something, that term itself has some other meaning. So I don't think it's a kind of recognized term, but the term that's used kind of colloquially is predictive programming. So yeah, it is influencing some, I mean, that's a theory you could use subconsciously, but my broader sort of general point is that the artists are creating these myths and they're sort of uploaded into the cloud, so to speak, right? Into this collective subconscious. And then that collective subconscious is influencing people right in ways that may somehow that may in some cases create interesting coincidences and so forth. Right. I mean, that's a theory again. Let's just watch this real quick and I'll go back to you, Pat, because I see your hand. They contain. OK, I understand. This is just a quick list of parallels between the movie and the Charlie Kirk assassination. If there's interest, I'll make a better video today.  Watch the whole thing, because there's one thing nobody else is mentioning at the moment. Following a significant nominated headlines, social media users have begun drawing connections between real world circumstances and a 1998 political thriller starring Nicolas Cage. The movie in question, Snake Eyes, directed by Brian De Palma, features Cage as detective Rick Santoro, who investigates an assassination at a boxing match.  The victim in the film is a character named Charles Kirkland, portrayed by Joel Fabiani. Social media platforms, particularly X, formerly Twitter, have seen an uptick in posts highlighting perceived similarities between the film's plot and recent events. Users have specifically noted. Name similarities. The fictional victim shares a remarkably similar name to the real world figure. Method details. Both incidents reportedly involve similar circumstances. Character connections. A character named Tyler appears in the film as one of the boxers at the match where the fictional assassination occurs. Date speculation. The boxing match in Snake Eyes is set on September 10th, as we can see on this billboard shown in the movie. At one point in the movie, we even get a long-haired, bearded blonde guy celebrating inappropriately. like this guy remember even more bizarre users have identified identical hand gestures a distinctive downward facing triangle formed with fingertips touching appearing in the film in photos of Kirk and even in images of Donald Trump during various public appearances as more people dive into frame-by-frame analysis of the 24 year old film the list of parallels continues to grow  I thought they were going to actually show that. God is angry with us. And that's my short form. I'm sorry I'm dwelling on this. I've given you my theory as to what might be explanatory. Yeah. I'm sorry I'm dwelling on this. I'm sort of getting autistic. I want to actually see the scene.  Yeah, that was from a different movie. That was from Conspiracy Theory, I believe. Here, this is it. Even a boxing match sort of resembles the debate format.  Wow. Hello.  What? Who are you? Where? My lucky number. Round seven. What? His neck and face, and then Charlie Kirkland is shot in the neck. Fascinating. I was just going to say, I think my take on the check ultimately is that I think the September 11th is a coincidence, but the joke is that he's postmarking this because the Gulf War ends so quickly that maybe he's just intuiting that he's going to be wealthier when the war is over, aka America, is going to be better off once we defeat the Iraqis. I don't know. It's kind of what I came up with.  Interesting. And I was just going to say the, the tumbleweed is strikingly similar to like a bowling ball rolling down a lane. Definitely. Sure. And like a dream, like dream logic way. Yeah, I agree. Okay. Let me get back on track here. I'll start sharing the keynote. Let's see here.  Did you want to see the scene with the music at the beginning? Yeah, definitely. Do you want to share it? Yeah, let me just share my screen here. Sure.  So this is The Man in Me, isn't it, by Bob Dylan? The man in me would do nearly any task. And ask for compensation, that's a little he would ask. Take a woman like you to get through to the man in me.  Storm clouds are raging all around my door. I think to myself, I might not take it anymore. You get the point, though. I mean, so it's kind of insinuated early on that it's a romantic metaphor, that the bowling is a kind of romantic metaphor. Definitely. And also the man in me. I mean,  I think the fact that this takes place in the 90s, masculinity is gone. I mean, it's a sort of Western film on some level, but then it's also about how violence doesn't work anymore. You know, you can't be a man and...  challenge someone to a shootout at high noon. All the violence in this movie is comical in some way. It's the dude gets in these weird fights with the detective and Smokey, who they're challenging and bowling. He's a pacifist. He's very fragile, man. He's very fragile, I'm just saying. He's a conscientious objector. and walter constantly wants to use violence and it just becomes this comic ex escapade like you know bringing an uzi to the drop off or pulling out a gun at the bowling alley and and you know pushing over the wheelchair of of the big lebowski to prove that he's faking it and it's just this you know madcap episode one after the other and I I think it's a it's a kind of there's something about like bringing out the man in me is is getting at that anxiety over you know in the 1990s and and it's sort of like referencing Jeff Lebowski that is the dude as well in the sense that you know what really happens here he he's this deadbeat we don't even know how he's possibly paying rent maybe he's not paying rent at all that's kind of implied he's just abiding in los angeles somehow and uh some way and uh but then at the end of it you know he fall he is in love with mod and then he is the ultimate successful in this film Donnie is probably unmarried and lonely and he just simply dies Walter is a joke Walter is a pushover a cuck for his ex-wife but it's actually the dude that bride gathers in a way he successfully reproduces with this rich woman he won't benefit from that necessarily but the dude will abide  there's a little Lebowski on the way or, you know, something like that. So it's very interesting. Yeah, he's described as the laziest man, maybe on the planet, right? This is how the cowboy commentator describes him. But it's not, you know... I think that when we understand him essentially as a Jewish character, and we'll sort of further that argument during this call, but we have a sense of basically...  You know, Yahweh provides right. There's a kind of religion itself being a Jew is enough. Right. And and also there's a sense of I mean, you know, there's really no other words we could use to describe it, but the Jew is a kind of parasite, essentially. who's subsisting but not working and who is kind of living off the labors of the Gentile world and so forth. There was a kind of infamous quote that went around in the early DR. I remember, I think David Duke was the first source that I heard it from, but it was an Israeli Sephardic rabbi, the head rabbi of Israel, Ovedia Yosef,  And he says, Goyim were born to serve us. Without that, they have no place in the world, only to serve the people of Israel. So he said this during a public discussion of what kind of work non-Jews were allowed to perform on Shabbat. Why are Gentiles needed? They will work. They will plow. They will reap. We will sit like an offendi and eat.  Will Gentiles? With Gentiles, it will be like any person. They need to die, but God will give them longevity. Why? Imagine that one's donkey would die. They'd lose their money. This is the servant. That's why he gets a long life, to work well for his Jew.  So I think that there is this kind of sense, right? And again, maybe this is, we're talking about King David here even, right? Maybe that's a kind of, and that's the ultimate sort of irony and humor of it is that they're making references to this exalted biblical figure, you know, maybe the most famous Jew in the Hebrew Bible, King David, and the most beloved and famous from which, you know, Jesus himself descends ostensibly. Mm-hmm. um you know so there's a sense of them uh there's a sense of the dude basically being provided for he doesn't have to work because he's the offendee sitting on the donkey uh the word offendee means um it's it's an arabic word that means a kind of educated and um elite person essentially yeah dandy um  Yeah, let's go to some other aspects here, some other scenes. I think that can kind of get the conversation started. Because this is a complex film, and I think there are multiple Jewish characters depicted in this film. I think there's sort of...  four main Jews. That is the dude, the big Lombowski, Walter, and then Jesus. This image here on the screen is actually to a film called The Big Sleep. It was a Marlowe novel, detective novel. It was made in the film in the 1950s. We don't need to see it.  The Big Lombowski is referencing all sorts of things. It's referencing Westerns. It's also referencing this Philip Marlowe film. And it's sort of a spoof on it. It's just as complicated. I've seen this movie twice, I think. I still couldn't even relay the plot to you. And I think the Coen brothers are getting at that in the sense of it's just this Byzantine plot that makes no sense. But a lot of the characters have analogs. This is character Carmen, who when Marlo walks into the house of Sternwood, who he's uh who's who who hired him sternwood's daughter is carmen who's you know owing money all over town and who is this um massive lush and is trying to have sex with him when he in the ante room of the mansion but This is another element here, and this is a famous scene that introduces us to maybe a kind of competing Jewish character with the dude.  you Por el camino del desierto el viento me despeina Su aroma de colita, no nada, nada del aire Ella estaba a la entrada y la cabana andaba a sonar Y me dijo ya a mi mismo el topodo del cielo Ella se ve una vela y no es la del camino Soy voz del corredor y yo te dije diciendo  Fucking Santana. That creep can roll, man. Yeah, but he's a pervert, dude. Yeah. No. He's a sex offender with a record. He did six months of Chino for exposing himself to an eight-year-old. Oh. When he moved to Hollywood, he had to go door to door to tell everyone he was a petter ass.  That's a pederast, Walter. Shut the fuck up, Donny. So, how much did they give you? 20 grand, man. And, of course, I still get to keep the rug. Thanks for making the handle? Yeah. They gave, uh, dude a beeper.  Also, whenever these guys call... What if it's turn a gate? Oh, I told them if it was during league play. What's during league play? Life does not stop and start at your convenience, you miserable piece of shit. I figure... What's wrong with Walter, dude? I figure it's easy money. It's all pretty harmless. She probably kidnapped herself.  Huh? What do you mean, dude? Rugpiers did not do this. Look at it. A young trophy wife marries this guy for his money. She figures he isn't giving her enough. You know, she owes money all over town. That fucking...  It's all goddamn fake, man. It's like Lennon said. You look for the person who will benefit and, uh, uh, you know... I am the walrus? You know, you'll, uh, uh... You know what I'm trying to say? I am the walrus. That's fucking bitch. Oh, yeah. I am the walrus. Shut the fuck up, Donnie. D.I. Lennon. Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov.  What the fuck is he talking about? Fucking exactly what happened to those... That makes me fucking sick. Well, what do you care, Walter? Those rich fucks, this whole fucking thing, I did not watch my buddies die face down in the muck so that this fucking Strumpet, this fucking whore... I don't see any connection with Vietnam, man. Well, there isn't a literal connection, dude. No, Walter, face it, there isn't any connection. You're rolling. I'm having your way, but my point is... You're rolling. My point is... Are you ready to be fucked, man?  I see you roll your way to the semis. Dios mío, man. Liam and me, we're gonna fuck you up. Yeah, well, you know, that's just like, uh, your opinion, man. Let me tell you something, pandeo. You pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes? I'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger till it goes click. Jesus. You said it, man. Nobody fucks with the Jesus. Eight-year-olds, dude. OK, well, that's I mean, that becomes like sort of corroboration for the idea that purple has a homosexual connotation. Right. No doubt. Yeah. I mean, he's actually a pedophile. He's actually depicted as a pederast.  So there you go. Well, you can go on this if you want to, because I think this also just sets up that we are dealing with Jim and when we're dealing with, you know, God shadows, you could say with all these characters. And I think we have three major Jewish figures right here, you know, on the lanes. You can take this one if you want to. Yeah. I mean, well, I might, I might, Walter, I might, um,  I might contest Walter as a Jew. He might be more of a kind of Shabbos goyim, but we can get into that later. But but he's coded as is the kind of Israelite. Right. So he's he as we discussed with a serious man, he might be coded as a kind of. To the extent that he's – I don't think he's supposed to be – oh, maybe he is supposed to be Jewish in the film in the sense that he's modeled after – He's a Gentile. He's a Zogbot Gentile. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, come on. Let's have order here. Yeah. So John Milos, he was the inspiration for the character. So according to the Coen brothers, who was a Jew, who was a half Jew or Jewish, he's the director of Conan the Barbarian. So he's sort of an odd Jew. Richard once described to me, because Richard was the one who broke the news to me a long time ago that that guy was a Jew, the director of Conan the Barbarian. And I remember you said, he's a funny Jew. And I think that's a good description of him, essentially, you know, well, it's almost it's it's almost like there's a reversal going on. And just to give you credit, I think actually you said this to me. It was it's like so Walter is a Polish Catholic, according to the dude. He says that originally and he converted for his ex-wife, Cynthia.  And he's constantly being cocked by his ex-wife. Even after the divorce, he's taking care of her animals while she's on vacation with her new boyfriend. It's a Shabba's Goy. So I think there are a couple of things going on here. On one level...  I think this might even be a criticism of Israelis, like actual Israelis. There are many people in Israel right now who migrated or their parents migrated from the Soviet Union who became Jewish and  In a very convenient way of getting the hell out of communism and into a Western style country. And they are very similar to Walter in the sense that they're sort of goy Jews. They are basically dumb white people who are fiercely nationalistic, still love Russia, but also want to kill as many Arabs as possible and are super Jews on some level. And I think the Coen brothers might have created this character as a kind of amalgam of them.  I think there's another layer. The neocon. He's the neocon, basically. Exactly, yeah. Period, right, when they are on the rise. The neocons are on the rise. Yeah. Beginning of the Gulf War. And to go back to the John Milius thing, you know, it's funny. It's almost like Milius...  is almost like an Aryans Jew, whereas Walter is a Jews Aryan. And what I mean by that is that Milius did make these badass pro-white, you could even say, movies like Red Dawn.  Or Conan the Barbarian. Exactly. But they're almost over the top, almost obsequious or something. And I think there's almost like a mirror reflection here with Walter, because he's some Polak who married a Jewish woman and converted, but then didn't.  deconvert or didn't move on and still thinks of himself as a Jew. I think something like that might be going on. He's like a reverse negative of John Milius himself. You can take that for what it's worth. The name Walter means warrior. That's part of deciphering the symbol of this character in the film. It fits, of course, with the whole  temperament, manner, and role of the character in the film. But yeah, I mean, I would think that that's basically the correct reading of him, is that he is basically the Shabbos Goyim, whether the Jew who is the Israelite, who is basically a kind of de facto Goyim, right? Or he's an actual Gentile, you know, dying in Iraq for ultimately Jewish interests, right? Or for the interests of Israel, at least.  So, yeah, I mean, I think that that's, that's probably the character. I mean, I officially, he's a sort of Gentile. And I think that symbolically, he's a Gentile, as we've discussed, he's the Goyim. He's the, you know, again, we find Goyims, even among people that are technically Jews in a serious man, as we've discussed, you know, so they're coded essentially, or they even if they're coded Jewish in terms of their, their style and manner,  Symbolically, they represent the sort of oblivious goyim that don't know what's going on. Right. They don't, you know, and they're they're essentially just serving the religion in a kind of oblivious manner.  But back to the scene, though. Yeah, so I think it does. I mean, this is sort of further corroboration of the idea that purple has a kind of homoerotic connotation. The color purple, I mean, here it's, you know, his name is Jesus. Jesus also will wear purple. Revelation, he'll have a purple robe. He'll put a purple robe on him when there's maybe something kind of being suggested there when the Romans capture him and he's being tortured, he'll be dressed as a king in the purple right and so this may have a homoerotic connotation, as we've discussed on other calls and.  In Gethsemane, he's found with a little boy, right? In some of the gospels, a little boy is described who runs away and he's got white linen and his white linen falls off as he's running away. So there could be a suggestion of pederasty here. And the Coen brothers could be kind of corroborating that essentially in the symbolism of their film, right? That Jesus has a kind of pederastic aspect to him. And he wouldn't be the only character in the Bible, whether the Hebrew Bible or the Greek New Testament,  that has a kind of homoerotic significance, is what I would argue. But he's among prophets and holy men. Even the word holy is, in the Hebrew, is suggestive of pederasty, as we've discussed on other calls. So I think that that's sort of being implied or suggested by the Coen brothers here, that there is a kind of pederastic element to these Abrahamic traditions. I hear he represented, I think the last name, his last name may mean it either means five or may mean house. So maybe he may be house of Jesus. So he may represented that might be the sort of symbolism that's going on there. Right. And he certainly does represent that. I would argue he represents a kind of competing.  Jewish franchise in this sort of Caducean relationship between Jews and Christians. And, you know, and I think also they're kind of they're alluding to the fact that Christianity is multiracial, of course, right, because he is himself Hispanic and so forth. So they're showing the kind of egalitarianism. nature of christianity uh but that it ultimately is another jewish franchise that's competing in a sort of caducean relationship with the people that are coded jewish in the film including you know and their servants people coded as uh neocons or is uh you know as uh war hawk israelites and so forth uh oh please well let me just okay well finish your thought then i'll then i'll yeah yeah and the other obviously that the other homoerotic scene is he he threatens to take the gun and sodomize the guy with a gun and keep firing it until he's emptied his clip right it's obviously very homoerotic and you notice that walter is very like sort of passive in that scene in an uncharacteristic way i mean walter's usually ready for a fight but he's sort of kind of mesmerized by jesus right yeah and that could even be sort of homoerotic in a way and but with jesus of course we we start to the the metaphor of bowling representing sex, whether heterosexual, homosexual, or even pedophilic, becomes, you know, becomes clearer that that's part of the sort of subtext of the bowling metaphor that's going on there. And part of that, too, is we see him cleaning his balls, right? He's got the ball, like, in front of his actual balls, and he's sort of cleaning them in a very, like, sort of suggestive and enthusiastic way, right?  In any case, I'll let you take it from there. Well, yeah, I mean, what this scene brings to mind is, first off, yeah, there are sort of multiple gods, if you will. There's Dionysus, the dude, and the Israeli Zionist, Walter, or Goy, Jew, Walter, and then there's Jesus Christ. But, you know, one... criticism you could have of Ren theory is that we sort of ruin movies in the sense that, you know, there's just a lot going on, like historically with this film or, you know, the scene itself. And you guys are just like creating dictionary definitions or something to it. And just sort of it's like a lifeless. form of interpretation this means that that means that that means that but nothing could be further from the truth actually because I think what's really happening in these films is that the deeper symbolism illuminates the  the historical reality of this. So look at these figures. Isn't it fascinating that Jesus is Jesus, that he's Hispanic, and that this exists in modern day Los Angeles or 1990s Los Angeles? And that he's a pedophile. and that he's a pedophile yes but also he's like whom or who is bringing in christianity in waves certainly in the 1990s and today hispanics illegal immigrants  legal immigrants are bringing the Catholic Church with them into the country. And there's this funny thing of this little team up between Liam, who is this sort of low cast, I guess you could say white dude who's got his Christ with him, you know, and his, you know, big belly and stuff like that. But you can tell that Jesus is the leader of this bowling group.  And so you have like the the white guy who's who's sort of being displaced and losing his country and mad about it, but he needs Jesus on his team so that they can win in the bowling league. And you have the two Christian figures, the, the, the white guy and Hispanic kind of on the same team, so to speak, and on, on team Christianity. And then there's this other aspect because, um, bowling isn't just sex. I, I 100, 100% agree that it represents sex, but, um, I mean, you noted this, I think when we were first deciphering this film, uh, bowling, there's, there's a color to bowling. I mean, it's fascinating that it is a black ball rolling down the lane and knocking over white pins. And I, I, I don't think bowling itself is a symbol. Yeah. Someone mentioned in the chat and, and someone in our, when we first talked about this briefly year ago or year and a half ago or so, um,  One of our members, she mentioned that, um, the bowling pin has a red neck.  Maybe a stretch, but maybe right. Is the black ball rolling down the lane and destroying the rednecks? Maybe. And maybe that's something that the Coen brothers picked up on later and just thought it was perfect. I don't think bowling as it was created was created as some sort of symbolic thing. But it has this resonance between in terms of this film being set in america in los angeles in the 1990s the filmmakers are using it symbolically absolutely yeah and so again just to reiterate my point sure if you go in with ren theory and you're like this means that that means that that means that okay problem solved let's move on i agree that's boring that that is reductionist you're ruining the film in a way but  But that's not what REM theory is about. REM shows the symbolic significance behind world events. So the fact that the dude, Dionysus, jumps into the black bowling ball while it's rolling down, knocking over pins. The fact that, well, and I have this scene saved, but the dude is dreaming about... making love to the mod, this white goddess dressed like a Viking, very white, very Midwestern, you know, Coen brothers are from Minneapolis. What they're doing is they're showing the biblical symbolic essence to these world events. So you sort of are able to understand the world poetically and biblically. You understand what's really, really happening. It's not just politics and,  policy decisions or events or something like that. No, there's some sort of dynamic or power at the heart of all these things. Yeah, no. The other thing I was going to say, too, is purple is a color that's common to Dionysus and Jesus. Right. And so the the color that Dionysus is most associated with is purple. And I learned something recently that's interesting about the etymology is that the word Phoenicia itself may mean purple as well. Right. So that's a possible etymology, the word Phoenicia. And that is where the purple dye came from.  You know, we came a particular type of snail was smashed and killed to create the dye. And so it took on this exotic and expensive significance. And so it became associated, especially with luxury and royalty, the color purple. But it also appears to have this sort of homoerotic significance.  That I mean, frankly, it seems that Jews are aware of these symbols and understand this. I mean, we do actually see an understanding of purple as a symbol among Gentiles during the so-called Lavender Scare. Right. Which was a form of McCarthyism, essentially directed against homosexuals in the 50s. And it was a fear that homosexuals were in government. and were corruptible and were open to corruption by communists, for example, could become spies and so forth. But that symbol does appear to have a kind of homosexual significance, or at least a bisexual significance, and at minimum, a kind of significance of Eastern decadence and luxury and decadence and sexual decadence and so forth. Yeah. Pax, do you have a question? I was just going to say some other funny detail that supports the idea of Walter being a Shabos is the name of his business is SS, Subject Security. Right. And he's got these ads on it, Strength Security, Peace of Mind. You can actually see it when the dude drives by to pick him up to get the ringer. You can actually see all that.  Yeah, that is very interesting. And that's on his van as well when he picks up the dude on the Sabbath as well. Soap check security. Yeah, that's interesting. And he has that famous line, you know, well, at least national socialism is an ethos, right? Right. So he's indicated as someone who is, you know, basically a Nazi for Jews. A Nazi for Israel in the words of Gavin McGinnis. Yes. Yes.  Yeah, and he quotes the Zionist founder there as well, right, in the film, Herzl. So he basically, he is, yeah, he's one of these sort of Goyam-ish, Goyish Jews, or Goyish, or Jewish Goyes, or Shabbos Goyam is probably what he is. But he, you know, he represents essentially fascism on the behalf of Jews. And it's not like...  There's another where he also represents essentially fascism on behalf of Bacchus and on behalf of decadence and on the decline of civility and decency, where he has this tirade in the diner about free speech. And there were other symbols that represent this as well. I don't know if it's in Malibu where there's a sheriff of Malibu or some beach community who's basically defending the pornographer.  Right. And he's saying, you know, we don't want any. He's one of our like sort of venerated citizens here. And we're going to protect his interests, essentially. He pulls a lot of water in this town. Yeah. Yeah. And he's in fact, Jackie Trehorn. Yeah. Yeah. He's called a fascist by the dude. He's called a fascist. But what is this fascist defending? He's defending a pornographer, essentially, you know. Well, interestingly, that sheriff's, you can barely see it, but the name tag that he's wearing, his last name is Cole, K-O-H-L. A couple of references going on there, a few. He's German, which is interesting. The Coen brothers growing up in Minneapolis, I think is very significant. They had an intense Jewish consciousness and they're surrounded by Germans. And I don't think that that's lost on them. All of these Germans are sort of Nazis waiting to come out, whether that's Walter, whether that's the sheriff, whether that's the nihilist, who are like, you know, they're almost like silly Nazis or something. Yeah, someone met Brandt, who's the big Lombowski's assistant, is also in line with that. Very interesting. The neighbor in A Serious Man as well.  Exactly. He's like a crypto Nazi just waiting to pop out. Yeah. Coal also, you know, so it's German. It might be a reference to the chancellor of Germany during that period. Who knows? But also it's coal. So it's black. Black rock. It's a lot going on there. Burning the coal. I don't know if they're making even a reference to that. It fits in with the bowling ball theme.  How is the name spelled? K-O-H-L. K-O-H-L. I'll look up the name meaning, but let me just hold that off, though, for a second. Yeah, so, I mean, I think that that is a kind of theme, and that's something that – what is the term that appears in the right? Anarcho-fascism.  Isn't that a DR term? Yeah, kind of like Hans Hermann Hoppe or something. Yeah, I mean, that's sort of what's being described here, I would argue, right? So there is a kind of... I mean, well, it's not exactly, actually. That actually describes... Oh, you're talking about anarcho-tyranny, the Sam Francis term. Yes. Yeah, so that basically means they're... Yeah, they're using fascist means to oppress law-abiding citizens, whereas they tolerate or even encourage anarchy among, you know, the masses or among protesters or gays or...  Black power things. Yeah, it's kind of a Sam Francis-like way of thinking. Yeah, and I think it applies especially to political correctness or what would be called wokeism now, right? So the disciplining of whites while the civilization, the broader civilization declines and, you know, non-whites, for example, in BML...  BLM riots are given a sort of, you know, a kind of lenient treatment and so forth. That might be an example of it. So it's a little different. But yeah, so but I think the Coen brothers are recognizing that tension between this sort of conservative libertarianism and basically the the bacchanal and decadent nature of american society uh which is especially kind of salient in los angeles of course right the porn industry and so forth yeah yeah definitely he's like a flip side of walter uh james you wanted to jump in then i have a couple other clips to play Yeah, I would just like to push back on the idea that Walter is an Israeli as much as he is like an American or a Westerner who is like a servant of Israel. And like we were noting that he, you know, SS on the side of his van and these types of things that you know he is like we were talking about earlier that the violence is almost a joke in the movie that he is the one violent character that you know he was killing you know uh vietnamese and like he he has a true sense of violence yeah the men in black pajamas a worthy adversary  Right, right. But that Western expressions of violence are in the service of Jews and that the Coens are aware of this. And the fact that this is happening during the first Gulf War is not lost on them. Mm-hmm. the expressions of Western violence being kind of a controlled opposition against maybe a Gentile influence is a theme of the film.  Yeah, I don't see where the point of disagreement is. So, yeah, he's a Shabbos-Goyim character. It seems like it's pretty clear. They can be both, is also. He's a character that has sort of different resonances. He's a reference. He's inspired ostensibly by John Millos, who is a kind of Goyish, as we've described, is a kind of Goyish Jew, right? Who's creating propaganda that appeals especially to a kind of Aryan sensibility and so forth. Yeah.  Let's go to some of these clips. This is this figure that I think is...  very easily misunderstood. And that is the actual Big Lebowski. And this is a very funny scene. So this is when the dude first goes to the Big Lebowski's residence and he's looking at the plaques on his wall and so on. Brant is talking about what a big shot he is and so on. And this is when we meet him. Hmm.  Okay, sir. You're a Lebowski. I'm a Lebowski. That's terrific. But I am very busy, as I imagine you are. What can I do for you, sir? Well, sir, it's this rug I have. It really tied the room together. You told Brant on the phone. He told me. Where do I fit in? Well, they were looking for you, these two guys. I'll say it again.  You told Brandt on the phone. He told me. I know what happened. Yes, yes. Oh, so you know that they were trying to piss on your rug? Did I urinate on your rug? You mean, did you personally come and pee on my rug? Hello. Do you speak English, sir? Parle usted Ingles? I'll ask you again. Did I urinate on your rug?  No, like I said, whoop or peed on my rug. I just want to understand this, sir. Every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the person. Come on, man. I'm not trying to scam anybody here. You know, I'm just... You're just looking for a handout like every other... Are you employed, Mr. Lebowski?  Wait, let me explain something to you. I am not Mr. Lebowski. You're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the dude. So that's what you call me, you know? That or his dudeness or duder or, you know, El Duderino, if you're not into the whole brevity thing. Are you employed, sir? Employed? You don't go out looking for a job dressed like that, do you? On a weekday?  Is this a, what is this? Well, I do work, sir.  So if you don't mind... No, I do mind. Uh, the dude minds. This will not stand, you know? This aggression will not stand, man. I mean, your wife owes my... My wife is not the issue here! I hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample. But if she does not, that is her problem, not mine. Just as a rug is your problem. Just as every bumslot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.  I didn't blame anyone for the loss of my legs. Some Chinaman took them from me in Korea, but I went out and achieved anyway. I cannot solve your problem, sir. Only you can.  Oh, fuck it. Oh, fuck it. Yes, that's your answer. That's your answer to everything. Tattoo it on your forehead. Your revolution is over, Mr. Lebowski. Condolences. The bums lost. My advice to you is to do what your parents did. Get a job, sir. The bums will always lose. Do you hear me, Lebowski? The bums will always lose. How was your meeting, Mr. Lebowski? OK.  The old man told me to take any rug in the house. Well, enjoy. Okay. Then he meets a bunny out there who offers him a blowjob. Um, So this is very interesting, and I want to play the next scene before we fully decipher who he is. I think this is a send-up of Rush Limbaugh as well, who really peaked in the 90s, that sort of attitude that...  rank individualism of, you know, his wife did cause the problem. I mean, I understand how he didn't literally pee on the rug, but the fact is the dude is telling him that some bad guys are after the big Lombowski. And, you know, he kind of is responsible on some level because he's got to take care of his wife, but he's in this individualist capitalist mode where it's a sort of like, Protestant ethic, I guess you could say a botched one of, you know, your lot in life is up to you. If you're a bum, that just means you're not working hard. And I'm virtuous because I'm rich and all of these kinds of things that were sort of floating around.  in the 1990s, and today, but we also learn a little bit more about him later on. I just want to play this scene to show how the Big Lebowski is depicted, where he's depicted, and then we can talk a little bit about other aspects of him that are kind of slowly revealed in  We've had some terrible news. Mr. Lebowski is in seclusion in the West Wing. Mr. Lebowski. Funny. I can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.  I've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs. What? What makes a man, Mr. Lebowski? Dude. Huh? I don't know, sir. Is it being prepared to do the right thing? Whatever the cost. Isn't that what makes a man?  Sure, that and a pair of testicles. You're joking, but... Perhaps you're right. You mind if I do it, Jay? Bunny... Excuse me? Bunny Lebowski. She is the light of my life. Are you surprised at my tears, sir?  Strong men also cry. Strong men also cry. I received this fax this morning. As you can see, it is a ransom note. We have money.  by men who are unable to achieve on a level field of play. Gather one million dollars. Power. Unmarked, non-consecutive 20s. Weekly. A weight, instructions. Bums. No fun stuff. Bummer. Huh? This is a bummer, man. That's a bummer. Ratt will feed you in on the tail.  OK. There are a few things going on there. First off, It is interesting that even though he's this Rush Limbaugh-style capitalist and proud of it type guy, he is lame. And I think there's a notion that he's cucked in some way. Lameness just being a metaphor for castration or what have you. It's also interesting that the little Lombowskis and Brandt even fills him in on this, like they're not his literal children, but they're all these black kids surrounding this man. And there's almost like another layer that he's cocked. In that way, like he doesn't have children outside of these little urban scholars or whatever they're called. But I think that's one layer of the onion is that it's showing the the cucked nature, even of these.  High flying rich whites who are always moralizing to everyone about how virtuous they are. That's that's one layer. But even that I don't think is the answer because you learn later on from mod that he's actually bad at business.  And so the whole thing is a fraud. It's just all this pomp. But then you learn something else, which is that the money comes from Maude's family. Maude, and we could go into her more, but Maude is an Aryan character. And she has the money. And he, very much like...  the dude sort of married into this whole situation. Now, he didn't get a child out of it. He got money and comfort out of it. But he is, again, a kind of mirror image of the dude. It's the two Lambowskis, the two Jeff Lebowskis that are both sort of hovering around Aryan wealth and getting their fair share from it.  But I think there's another layer to it that's even deeper that I'll hand off to Mark. But he is lame and crippled. He's depicted in this sort of fiery hell or furnace. And I think he's in all likelihood gesturing towards another god. yeah well i mean yeah vulcan um and she she's bunny i think the name bunny is relevant as well because that becomes a symbol of venus i think someone actually in the chat was saying that so i don't know who that is but a good call um so in uh the rabbit becomes a symbol of venus um  It may ultimately influence this whole Eastern tradition of Easter bunny. That's a theory, but I think it's probably a pretty valid or solid theory. It becomes a symbol of fertility, and you could even argue promiscuity. It becomes a symbol of promiscuity. um so yes and i think that also it i i would argue that he might represent something akin to jacob as well um who is of course succeeded by judah uh jacob uh has this famous wrestling match and the conclusion of the wrestling match uh though it's not made clear necessarily in the bible but um  He remains lame or injured, but he is given a limp by this wrestling match. So he's indicated as lame, essentially, right? And that's what the Hebrew suggests, that he is made lame or injured, given a limp as a consequence of this wrestling match. And Jacob himself is kind of a cockleded character, most explicitly and famously by...  Reuben right Reuben is the first born of Leah so. And he's ostensibly a son of. Jacob but. I think there might be some suggestions in the Hebrew Bible that it's not even necessarily his son. It's his firstborn. And I would argue Reuben represents a kind of Arian character. And I would submit the etymology of son of Ra. There's another etymology that's compelling as well that relates his name to wolf. But, you know, so that's a possibility. In any case, he cuckled Jacob. And Jacob is...  is succeeded by Judah, right? So ultimately Judah becomes the king. The king that, the early suggestion is that Joseph is gonna be, Joseph the prince is gonna be, who is favored by Jacob, is gonna become sort of the ruler of the 12 brothers, the 12 eventual brothers between Rachel and Leah's children.  In any case, so I would submit that he might have a kind of Jacob-like significance. And I think Richard was alluding to this as well, where is he ultimately a kind of Jewish or Semitic character?  at least in his origin. He's marrying into this Aryan family. It's a kind of fraud. He has these Vulcanian aspects where it seems like there are illusions being made to Vulcan. He's in a wheelchair, like Vulcan is in a wheelchair, and he's cast in this sort of master scene or important scene next to a fire or furnace. His assistant, too, is named Brand, which I think means firebrand. So that would be another...  that would be more cooperation. Yeah, Brennan, yeah. Yeah, and if we want to go further than this, and for people who are familiar with our analysis of Chinatown, Chinaman, it's a Chinaman that makes him lame. you know, this could be a reference to Sinai, Mount Sinai, because the word for Sinai means Chinese or China, right? In the Greek, the same word means, and, you know, so it's a cognate, I would argue. And in the modern Hebrew, the word Sinai means China, right? So in which might be in China in the ancient world is the East, right? So the name Sinai might be on some level a kind of reference to the East, right?  And I argue it's also influenced by the Akkadian moon god Sin, right? But the East was famous for worshipping moon gods, and the West, including Egypt, is solar. They have solar chieftain gods and so forth. That was a distinction that was made in the ancient world. So maybe Chinaman is also a kind of reference to Mount Sinai, which in Mount Sinai is inhabited essentially by Vulcan or Hephaestus, this volcano god. This is something that's acknowledged historically.  you know, mythographers have pointed to this idea. It's a kind of established idea that Yahweh at Sinai is a volcano god or a fire god, I think is the more accurate description. He appears as the eternal fire or as the consuming fire elsewhere. So is he a Jewish character as well? But he's sort of one that's become... cocked basically right and he is cocked right he's bunnies being screwed by this uh porn star and she's a porno star right so he's being cut uh you know seven ways to sunday i mean she offers to give a blow job to the dude as he's walking out the door right so um he's a cuckolded figure much like vulcan or hephaestus who is famously cuckold by aries right and we might we might argue that there's some  Timothy Stenzel, Ph.D. : similarity to Reuben and areas in this regard is that areas is is a famous cockle cockle person who cuckled. Timothy Stenzel, Ph.D. : Vulcan or Hephaestus and areas is a clear sort of area character and i'd make the argument that even the name areas might be a cognitive area right. Timothy Stenzel, Ph.D. : My meaning area so. You know, so this is, I think that he represents, I would argue that he represents essentially a kind of Jacob character. And he is in some ways, you know, he shares the same last name as the dude, Lebowski. So he could represent a kind of generation, implicitly a sort of like father figure, right? Because Lebowski  Jeff Lebowski, the dude, is of the same generation as Maude. So in some implicit way, he's a kind of father figure, a sort of castrated father figure of the dude, you could argue, right? And, you know, it's sort of implied that there could be some kind of  you know, genetic connection even between the two characters. They share the same last name, right? But, you know, but that's not even sort of necessary to kind of, you know, see this as a kind of symbolism that's suggested in the film. And the other important symbol, I think, is the symbol of the carpet, which I think is a kind of vulgar reference to the vagina, right? Yeah. So we're familiar with the term carpet muncher, and we're also familiar with the expression, does the carpet match the drapes? The curtains are, yeah, the drapes. But this is a kind of, this happens in gem, right? So I think that Stan Lee is also kind of guilty, or guilty, or, you know, it's the wrong term, but is uses similar kind of vulgar, you know, contemporary references in when he's naming comic book characters and so forth. One example, I guess, would be Mary Jane, right? So Mary Jane, who is Spider-Man's girlfriend, is a reference. That's a colloquial term, and it's a reference to marijuana. Now, that's something he denies. He also denies having ever smoked marijuana, right? Which, you know, was the 60s in New York. Who knows? But he... I think that that's evidently a reference to marijuana and that's corroborated essentially in the story when you read the parables of Spider-Man that suggested in the parables of Spider-Man. So it's not just the name. You know, it's sort of she essentially represents that. Right. So these sort of vulgar, you know, so Jim. Jim is is very kind of interested in language and the kind of very specific and careful use of language. But it's also uses contemporary slang and vulgar and so forth. So in a kind of sophisticated manner. And I think this symbol of the carpet would be one example. Right. And this becomes corroborated by mod is actually flying on a carpet. Right. We see flying on a carpet at some point.  And it's all about him trying to get back his carpet, right? So there's a kind of, there's a bride gathering motif there as well. He's trying to get the carpet. The carpet has vaginal significance. He ends up with the better carpet. He takes the carpet, you know, from, you know, the rich Jeffrey Lebowski takes his carpet, right? So he's upgraded the carpet.  And ultimately, he succeeds in getting Maude. And she's also connected to this carpet as well, the symbol of the carpet. So the carpet is Maude's carpet. It has a kind of vaginal significance, ultimately relates to Maude. And that becomes corroborated by the name Maude itself.  The name mod means carpet, right? So if you look up the word mod, and we're not talking about the name, we're talking about the word mod. One of the definitions there, I can share my screen if it's useful, but yeah, I'll do that just so you guys can see it. Because I think sometimes it's useful for people to see, rather than just hear it, right? And I think it helps people get in the habit of looking carefully at these symbols And looking carefully at the language, which I think is really one of the important keys to deciphering Jem. Language, you know, we know Jews are gifted in language. There were verbal people, the people of the book. Let me share my screen. So we look at, again, I mean, often you will find the meaning, and this is another, you know, this is another trick in deciphering Jem essentially, sometimes a name Sometimes a name will be, you can look at the meaning of the name, and that will contain the answer, right? Other times, the name is a reference to a word, right? And I think that that's the case here. So her name Maude is a reference to the noun Maude, you know, the sort of the common noun, right?  mod as opposed to the proper noun. And here we see a rug, a wrap of like material used as a traveling robe, streamer rug, etc. So she, you know, and again, it has a difference. The actual name meaning has a different significance.  So there you go. I mean, so she is, and we already know, of course, that there's the bowling You know, the bowling metaphor is clearer, especially through these dream sequences, that there's something sexual going on. It's about the big Lebowski, or rather the dude screwing these sort of Valkyrie-like Aryan women or whatever, right? And he's penis-like, floating down the lane, looking up the skirts of these Aryan Valkyries that are adorned in gold and red and so forth, right? So it shouldn't surprise us that there were other sort of references, sexual references being made or other symbols that refer to that. And they also, again, they refer ultimately to bridegathering, to getting the vagina, to getting the carpet, essentially. And people are familiar with our analysis of... Robert B. Raiders of the last dark there are similar symbols there to that essentially represent vaginal symbols that are part of this sort of. Robert B. Bride competition, you know this genetic bride competition essentially that is being described in the esoteric of Jewish films in in media and literature and so forth. And so I just wanted to relate this point to the other conversation that we're having about Jesus representing this sort of competing franchise. I think that that is part of it too, which I think you were sort of insinuating, but that it is, it's not just Christianity competing against Jews. It's a bridegathering competition between Christians, whether they're Hispanic Christians or egalitarian Christians or whatever, and between Jews, right? It's because the pins... As will be made clear, and I think maybe you probably have queued up that clip of that dream sequence. That's where it just becomes very obvious that we're not imagining things. These things are made relatively clear, you know, by the filmmakers for someone who's kind of looking at this in any way that's careful, right?  Definitely. Yeah, we can watch. I'll go back to my keynote here. I guess two more scenes. Let's just watch this because this will reiterate what we're talking about. But there's also some other interesting ideas going on here with Saddam Hussein and some other things. So this is right after Maude visits him at his house and some of the thugs around Maude punch him. So it says my...  It's also interesting that he's trading an inferior rug for a superior rug, right? Yes. And this also reminds us of Raiders of the Lost Ark with a golden head, where he's switching it for sand. So there's a kind of almost bride swap that's going on. And I've actually described Jewish women as sort of auxiliary women on some level, right? They're sort of the plan B in many cases, it would seem.  Darkness washed over the dude. I'm sorry. It was actually wrong. This is the second dream sequence that comes after he visits Jackie Treehorn, who, again, it's like Dionysus visits this... You know, other Dionysian figure, the pornographer who's, you know, I'm in the field of publishing, entertainment, political advocacy. Very interesting way that Jackie Treehorn describes himself. But he gets poisoned, knocked out by his white Russian. And he has this dream. Darkness washed over the dude Darker than a black steers took us on a moonless prairie night There was no bottom line  So what's that? What are we looking at? Yes. I woke up this morning with the sundown shining in. I found my mind in a brown paper bag, but then  Tripped on a cloud and fell eight miles high. I tore my mind on a jagged sky. I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in. The moon. Silver and gold. Black and white.  The women are the pin!  I broke my mind. I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in. Yeah, yeah, oh yeah, what condition my condition was in.  Threading their likes.  and I got no square here. Eight miles straight up downtown somewhere. I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in. I said I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  And he topples the white race at the end. Yeah. Essentially. I mean, that's not really a kind of exaggeration of what's being conveyed or implied in that scene, right? No. There's also an interesting point in that. And actually, let me just rewind it. It's very similar to this scene in Hail Caesar, right, as well. The synchronized swimming in Hail Caesar. Yeah. There's a lot of similarities to it. She also has a trident, which is interesting.  Right. Yeah. This is very interesting as well. You have leading up to the moon, but then you. So these are the bowling shoes that are being sold to him by Saddam Hussein, actually right here. He's wearing gold named Sodom. I think that this is the Tower of Babel basically leading up to the gods or leading up to the moon.  And that's fascinating. I mean, first off, Babel is. It's a reference to babbling, in effect, or that name was taken from it, of course, but it's a reference to language and confusing, confusing language. It's also a reference to Babylon, the empire, which was headquartered in Iraq and You know, George Herbert Walker Bush in America are going out to crush Saddam Hussein over in the desert. So it's like all of these themes are conflated here. It's fascinating stuff, really imagistic. Yeah, no, I think that that's a fair reading. So because Saddam Hussein, it's Babylon, right? He's the modern, he's a modern representative of Babylon, ostensibly, or um what i i would also say that there could be some reference and i don't know if this conflicts with your idea but it could be a reference to mount sinai as well as a kind of lunar symbol because my reading of that is is basically it's a reference to a lunar god and we see the moon at the top here yeah again this this doesn't necessarily contradict uh your theory but um  So it could have some kind of lunar significance. And Babylon or the East, we would associate with the lunar, or Mesopotamia, we would associate with the lunar. Interesting. But the fact that the shoes are silver and gold, just as the steps are black and white, it does seem that there are themes of kind of intermixture here, right? And we can sort of apply or consider the same logic as it as it concerns the dresses that they're wearing, which are red and white or gold and red, you know, is that, you know, in we have this series, well, that Adam, you know, blood may represent kind of exposed or vulnerable, vulnerable blood that's fallen to the ground and so forth. It's accessible. Whereas the other element, white or gold would represent, you know, the Aryan or the desired bride. Right.  Yeah. And then, of course, here they're explicitly depicted as bowling pins. So it's not really a mystery as to what the bowling pins represent. They represent a kind of, you know, genetic resource, a genetic female resource, essentially. And Maude is depicted in the center there. The curious symbol here is the trident. And I have a theory, but it's not something I've looked at very closely or considered very deeply, but the significance of the trident may especially have to do with the number three, which I think has lunar significance, right? So 30 days to the month, 30 was the number, the sacred number of sin and nana. So it may have a kind of lunar significance or, you know, and relate to ultimately a kind of mixture or, you know, even menstruation, you know, the lunar aspect of menstruation and so forth, maybe indicating her fertile or whatever the case may be, right? Interesting. I'll go to PAX first and then regular guy PAX.  Yeah, I just have a few comments. The first one is, do you have a take on the Kenny Rogers song, the first edition there, about the lyrics or any of the stuff he's talking about? What are the lyrics? What are the lyrics?  I think it could be kind of obscure, but he might be making a reference to Vulcan. Let me just read these lyrics to the end of the song. So it goes, someone painted April Fool in a big black letters on a dead end sign. And then it goes, I had my foot on the gas as I left the road and blew out of my mind.  eight miles out of Memphis and I got no spare eight miles straight up downtown somewhere. I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in. So very psychedelic, but I mean, Memphis is the place in Egypt where they worshiped Ta, I believe. Yeah. It's spelled P-T-A-H. Is Ta the correct pronunciation? Do you know? I'd have to look it up.  I'm not for sure on that, but I think it might be. But he's essentially Egyptian, the Egyptian Vulcan, right? So, yeah, it's interesting. I mean, but yeah, it is the seat of Vulcan. I don't know. I mean, it could be a coincidence, but that's a possibility, definitely, because we already see clear symbols where it does appear... you know, this is a term that I developed that I think he's, I think it's a somewhat useful term, but the idea of God masking, right? So God masking refer to the fact that the big Lebowski, the wealthy big Lebowski is a reference to Vulcan. So he's a God masked or he's a, he's a mask of Vulcan essentially. And then bunny is a mask of Venus and so forth. Um, but I think that, uh, and I think that that is a good term, but I think that sometimes, um, it can be a little reductive if you're thinking, if you're trying to, you know, put them in this Procrustian bed, which is Richard's expression that he uses, where you're always trying to find, like, what God does this person represent? You know, I mean, what biblical figure does it, I think it's, I think that there is a kind of,  I think the symbol language is more elemental, if that makes sense. So it breaks down to smaller components than that. You know what I mean? So it can't just be reduced down to gods, because the gods themselves represent composites of other gods and so forth, right?  and also have attributes that have significance. They represent water, they represent trees, they represent skies and so forth. And those elemental aspects of them have a particular symbolic significance, if you understand my point. So I think the term God masking is a useful term, but I think sometimes it can lead us to trying to like, you know, fit our characters, you know, finding the right God for our characters and so forth. And it may kind of... uh mislead us in some instances i would argue um hopefully that made sense did that make sense to you richard what i was trying to say i think it can probably be articulated in a clearer way but yeah um regular guy yeah so um i last time we talked about this we mentioned the uh 9-11 symbolism people like the september 11th date showing up  People are quick to say, oh, this proves that 9-11 was an inside job, all that stuff. But it's also the- Did you just get on the call? Because we discussed that at the beginning of the call. Oh, my apologies. I also wanted to talk about the 9-11 symbolism is also the state where the Turks were repelled from Vienna. Did you go into that aspect of that? We didn't mention that. That's another layer. That's interesting. No.  We did. I mean, we did discuss. So the conclusion we reached is that 9-11 may or probably even has some kind of significance in Jewish esotericism. I mean, certainly there's I mean, someone right now can Google and figure out what the gematria significance of it is right now. But it could be simpler than that. I postulated that the event 9-11, to the extent that we imagine that Mossad is involved, I think it's clear that Israel had foreknowledge. I don't think that that's even a kind of controversial position. But whether or not they were actually orchestrating or planned the events of 9-11 is another question that becomes a kind of  a plausible scenario based on an understanding that they have foreknowledge. But there, I argued that 9-11 may be a kind of branding where it's a reference to the emergency number 9-11. So it has almost a kind of more prosaic branding intention, right? So it's 9-11. It's an emergency. We have to defend Israel or fight in the Middle East or whatever the case might be. if you understand the point that i'm making oh yes um but the uh oh please that's so 9 11 of 1683 was when the turks were repelled from vienna and they were saved by poland which at the time was one of the most jewish friendly countries and of course they saved the german people who would go on to destroy poland and then sort of  betray the most Jew-tolerant country in the next couple hundred years. So maybe there's a kind of reference to that as well, because that was actually a big historical date and that not a lot of Americans will really see that as obvious. When people think 9-11, they think 9-1-1, the emergency number, or the September 11th attacks.  Yeah, I mean, it's an interesting theory. I'm not going to commit to anything as far as 9-11 is concerned in terms of like a deeper, more ancient significance of it. Because, you know, it could have a kind of, in the context of a Coen brother film, I think it probably, I don't think that we're off base thinking that it has significance. It probably does have some kind of symbolic significance. It's probably not arbitrary, right? So it has some significance. Now it could have a kind of Kabbalistic  or gematria and so forth, or it could have a simpler significance. Maybe it's, as you suggest, maybe it's a reference to an important date.  I, you know, maybe it's a reference to a biblical passage. And I actually don't think that that is a solid theory. But I did point out that there is a kind of, you know, and this is completely a case of sort of perspective bias. But in Revelation 9-11, the only mention of Apollyon appears there, right? It's before Apollyon is like sort of cast into...  Hades. Now, do I think that 9-11 in either of these contexts derives from that passage in Genesis? No. There are too many other possibilities. It just seems like it would... I just don't know the significance, but I don't doubt that there is a significance in either context, quite frankly. The date for the event of 9-11...  I would not be surprised if it was sort of carefully chosen for a symbolic significance, right? I wouldn't cast out that possibility. But yeah, I mean, your suggestion is interesting. I would have to like, it's almost like, yeah, I mean, maybe if I like studied it and looked at it or we all looked at it and we could kind of come down to like the most likely  possibility in terms of significance, right? Anyways, continue with your point.  Also, the floor. Masonic temples actually have floors like that, and they usually mean the duality of life and moral journey and cosmic order. I've also heard people say that police departments in the UK have a similar checkering pattern on some of their logos. Someone told me that means hard mind control, where...  That sort of that checkered symbol means mind control. That's kind of a low brow take, of course, where it symbolized it. People said that it might be meant to symbolize the police are under our mind control. But I do think there is something, too, that the more Masonic-associated flooring we have, where it's to symbolize the duality of life and, I guess, moral journey as well. Well, I would say this. I think that – and this is something that we discuss in the book. I think that –  Freemasonry has a Jewish origin. There's no question about that in my mind, right? So it has, so essentially the gem is being practiced or used in the symbolism of Freemasonry. So if the same, if Freemasonic in quotation marks around Freemasonic symbols appear in Jewish films, it's because they're Jewish symbols ultimately, or it's a kind of Jewish use of, it's an intelligent use of symbols by Jews effectively, if you understand my meaning, right?  So I wouldn't, I mean, I think the Freemasonry is less relevant now than it used to be. And I think it originally had a purpose. It served a Jewish end where it was a way of basically recruiting and cultivating ambitious, talented, and intelligent people. gentiles and using them to jewish ends you know especially sort of a kind of liberal social reform enlightenment and so forth um and so i think that that was ultimately its kind of significance but it's i i would argue that it's a kind of obsolete technology like even churches and lodges are obsolete you have the computer you have the uh  Before that, you had the movie theater and you had television. So all these symbols, brainwashing is much more kind of convenient. It doesn't require someone to go to a temple or a lodge, right? So my argument is that these things are kind of just less relevant. That's not to say that Freemasons don't still exist and they are still kind of working towards Jewish ends. I think that they are, but I just think that they were less potent and relevant.  as a phenomenon, less people are, you know, in lodges and so forth. And, you know, among elite and powerful people, you know, people in lodges, sure. But I think it's much less of a kind of phenomenon. I mean, is Elon Musk a Freemason? I don't know. Maybe he is, you know?  But maybe he's not. And why would he need to be? I mean, he's he's been sort of conditioned by all the shit that we've all been conditioned through cinema. And, you know, why would you need to bring these guys into lodges when you basically can? And on the most obvious level, it's sort of just a kind of democratic, multiracial ethos that's pretty explicit. So it doesn't like you don't even have to look at the esoteric level. of the fiction films developed by Jews and so forth, where symbols are being used in a sophisticated, mysterious manner. And it's a mystery cult. You can look at the explicit messaging, as it occurs also in Christianity, which is ultimately egalitarian and universalist and ultimately anti-racist, right? So that's what I would say. I think that to say symbols are Freemasonic  you first have to say, I mean, there are symbols that are particular to Freemasonry. There's no question about it, but they have a Jewish origin is the argument I would make, especially to the extent that they're abiding and impactful and have survived is the argument I would make. So it's all Jewish symbolism. So the black and white checkered floor My reading is that it relates to miscegenation, I would think, is the clearest reading, especially if we're reading Maude as an Aryan figure and Dude as a Jewish character. It's like the black Yahweh in the Song of Solomon. Don't look at me because I'm black. My brothers put me in the vineyard to work and so forth. It's swarthy Bacchus. It's dark-haired Bacchus. um and uh the white obviously represents the area or the desired fair you know bride stock um that would be my and i think the silver and gold shoes confirm that as well it's a kind of a mixing of the lunar and solar right wouldn't you say that's a fair reading of that richard yes so um  Yeah, I mean, but, you know, it's not to discount. I mean, that's not this. They could they could have been inspired by, you know, going into a Freemason temple and seeing it. But I think at the deepest lay at the deepest level, this is ethnic.  in nature, REM theory, right? So the deepest subtext is racial, ultimately. That's the argument I would make. Now, you say that the Freemasonic symbol represents the complexity of life, but that's all kind of vague shit. You know what I mean? It doesn't really tell us what's really going on in my view. And and when we use the black and white, we contrast the black and white symbols with the other symbols that we have made a good reading of and we can corroborate. They all have a kind of significant or they all have a kind of similar significance, ultimately. And this is bridegathering. It's related to intermixture. The guy's drinking fucking Caucasians, for God's sakes. He's drinking white Russians. You know, the bar is going to eat you or you're going to eat the bar. And this is a consumption motif of Yahweh, the all-consuming fire, eating the stocks that represent Gentiles and so forth. You know? Yeah. In any case, I mean, you could argue that I'm being reductive. I don't think—sometimes you have to be. You have to be reductive because there are primary themes in messaging and Jewish art. And they're related to genetic competition with Gentiles, effectively. All right.  All right, let's go to the final scene of the film. And as we wrap up and this highly significant, it's about a character we haven't really talked about too much. And that is Donnie.  Donnie was a good bowler and a good man. He was one of us. He was a man who loved the outdoors and bowling. And as a surfer, he explored the beaches of Southern California from La Jolla to Leo Carrillo and up to Pismo. He died. He died as so many young men of his generation before his time. In your wisdom, Lord, you took him.  as you took so many bright, flowering young men at Kaysan, at Lawn Dock, at Hill 364. These young men gave their lives. And so had Donnie. Donnie who loved bowling. And so, Theodore Donald care abouts us. In accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been, we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the Pacific Ocean, which you love so well. Good night, sweet prince.  Oh, shit, dude, I'm sorry. Goddamn wind. Goddamn it, Walter. You fucking asshole. Dude, I'm sorry. What the fucking travesty with you, man? I'm sorry, it was an accident. What was that shit about Vietnam? Dude, I'm sorry. What the fuck? Does anything have to do with Vietnam? Dude, I'm sorry. What the fuck are you talking about? Dude, I'm sorry.  Fuck Walter. Come on, dude. Hey, fuck it, man. Let's go bowling. So, as... you might guess it is fascinating that, I mean, the scene is, is comical and, and grotesque of course, and, and, and all that, but it is fascinating that the bowling shirt that the dude is wearing is Medina sod, um,  it does, it's a reference to a number of things. First off, Donnie literally becomes a burnt offering here. And, you know, we, there are two Jews who are basically saying what your final wishes might very well have been, and that is to become a Holocaust. And he is,  burned to ash, and then scattered in the Pacific Ocean. And there's an indication of Sodom, of Sodom and Gomorrah fame, these, you know, the Los Angeles of the ancient world, these dens of  sin and debauchery that were burnt to a crisp by Yahweh. And this does seem to be directly referenced in the scene in the sense of even if it's subliminal, even if your mind just sees that city of Medina and Sodom, and you don't fully recognize it, you're not fully conscious of it, you are thinking in these ways. And it might suggest that all of Los Angeles is going to become a burnt offering at some point.  Do you have... Yeah, go on. It does seem that he basically... And Donald is an interesting character. I mean, he's like... He's sort of like an abused character, effectively, right? So he's abused by the Shabbos Goyim and he's ignored by the dude, right? So he's sort of this peripheral...  Guy who's just this kind of boring cypher, it seems he doesn't really have his own identity. And he's just sort of a kind of he's he's just sort of tag along in the group, a kind of servant, you could argue. And he becomes the burnt offering. And during the scene where he becomes a burnt offering or where he dies, he has a heart attack when the guy's car is burned and it's a Gran Torino, right? His car is a Gran Torino. I believe that's the case, right?  And this is when the Nihilists burn the Grand Torino and Donnie has a heart attack. Right. Yeah. Now Torino means a bowl. So there's a there's an idea of a bowl being sacrificed, essentially. So it's a burnt offering. Right. And Donnie is the burnt offering. He's sort of this Gentile who's kind of there to basically be sacrificed and exploited. I mean, much like. we could argue the wealth of uh ma or the um the genetic wealth of mod and the actual wealth of mod she also is a kind of burnt offering in this regard or she's you know she's uh fuel to the jewish fire that is yahweh and so forth um so i think i think all that is going on in this scene and um yeah donnie's a burnt offering and it's uh well it's interesting that also there is a scapegoat and it's sort of the person you would least expect who's the most innocent too he's he's yeah like you know he's just along for the ride like literally and figuratively yeah he's pure he's he's untainted he's pure in a way because he's innocent And that is what's required of the scapegoat is that it's a kind of untainted specimen, essentially. So innocent, right? So that you can, whether it's a scapegoat and you're putting your sins into it, or it's a sacrifice, the peace offering or the sacrifice, the burnt offering made to Yahweh. It's an innocent animal, basically. And that's what Donnie was. He's just sort of innocent.  And there almost has to be a scapegoat for this plot. So we don't even know exactly what happened. And we know what didn't happen in some ways, but how exactly this plot unfolds remains obscure. Yeah. In all likelihood, what happened is that Bunny simply ran away and then the big Lebowski decided that he was going to pretend that she was kidnapped and he was going to take money out of the charitable fund, but just keep the million dollars. And this is why, you know, he put... nothing in the suitcase or the dude imagines that he put phone books or something to give it weight, but he didn't want the money back because there was no money to begin with. You know, are the, the nihilists playing their own scheme and these things are interlocked is the big Lombowski working with the nihilists. Like they're, they're fall. I mean, we, we just don't know exactly what happened. It's just this big kerfuffle. And it's interesting that no one really knows,  suffers that much. I mean, I guess the nihilists get their comeuppance, but there has to be a scapegoat for the story to resolve itself, and that scapegoat is Don. And it does seem, and I don't know, his surname is interesting, too. And it may... it uh i think it's uh so it's kara uh batos is that what he said we can listen to it again theodore donald caravatsos theodore donald caravatsis uh caravatsis is the name caravatsis all right so um yeah it so uh the first element uh kara means black apparently right so and maybe that's a kind of reference to  a burnt offering, essentially, a charred or burnt offering. You know, that's a theory. The last element, though, refers to a small animal, right? The diminutive of a term that could refer to a small animal. So, I mean, that might just be corroboration of the fact that he's a burnt offering.  right? He's a burnt animal. That's a theory, right? Would Donald? Donald, I think it means world leader, right? So it has a kind of, I mean, generally words like this, I've you know, this is sort of my conclusion after studying, you know, GEM for many years, is that names like that that seem to refer to, like, nobility or kings generally have a kind of Aryan significance, unless they're kind of modified in some important way. For example, we don't consider King David, for example, a non-Jew, but kings, the symbol of the king appears to have a kind of  Gentile or Aryan significance, which would make sense, right? Because Jews, when they're dealing with kings, they're dealing with the leaders of Gentiles most commonly, right? So yeah. So it might refer to a kind of darkened, burnt offering. It might even refer to a kind of a stage of Gentile decline, right? The element black might have that significance. Yeah. northern invader has a question yeah sure go ahead northern thanks hey i i think you guys are right about the medina saw it but i want to throw a little parallel a possible parallel reading out there there's this um it's not in the quran but it's in one of the hadiths it's i think it's called the book of tribulations This idea that when the end times come, that the Arabian Peninsula will be lush and green and you will have rivers and, you know, I mean, it will no longer be a desert. And so I don't know, when I read Medina Saud, like it just almost makes me think like grass, like a grassy Medina.  And he's got the, of course, it's yellow, like it's a solar color. He sort of has been kind of, I don't know, I don't want to say the dude's been Aryanized, but he has sort of, you guys did talk in the last... Lebowski conversation about this idea of purification that, you know, the Jew through mixture can be purified, and I guess arianized on some level. So I don't know, what do you think about that, that kind of reading?  Well, yeah, I mean, you may be onto something. Medina, I was just looking at the etymology there. I think that we looked at this before. I just forgot what conclusion I arrived at. So I think we've discussed it before. And yeah, so his shirt is yellow or golden, so that in a way you could argue that there's a kind of, he's, you know, through the sacrifice of the Gentile and through the bridegathering and the admixture, he's Aaronized in a sense, or he's given, you know,  the Aryan genes. And so he has this coat, this, uh, even this kind of, you know, genetic camouflage, you could argue. And that's a metaphor that people have used with Jews before, right? So part of it is them camouflaging among Gentiles, assuming the appearance and so forth. So he's got the golden shirt on. Um, you know, it reminds me also of, so in a Medina means town, I think. So city, or it means city. So city of, uh,  City of Sod, you're arguing, so City of Grass. Yeah, I mean, Richard was talking about, you know, and this etymology of Sodom is one that's kind of unique to what we've developed in our school of REM theory. So Sodom, the word Sodom,  is the most kind of typical etymology of it. It refers to something burnt, essentially, right? So that would seem to fit. Now, the element sod may have a different significance in the Hebrew, and this is something I've discussed, especially as it relates to...  Levi and Simon in Jacob's blessing, right? There's interesting language there that may suggest that Sodom, they may suggest a different etymology for Sodom that's related to mystery cults and secret keeping and so forth. And the root there is Sod, which if memory serves me, relates to secret councils and secret keeping and insinuates a kind of mystery element.  So what does that mean in this context? Yeah, I don't really have a... I mean, to be honest with you, I don't really have a strong meaning on it. I don't really have a strong take on Medina Saad, the term. I think that my take on the golden shirt might be more valuable. It's more of a kind of intuitive take, of course. But it reminds us of...  There's a famous passage. I'm going to look it up right now. I forget that there's a term for it as well. I think it's the transfiguration of Jesus, right? The transfiguration of Jesus. So Jesus goes up on a mountain. I'll check that term in a second, but I think it's referred to as the transfiguration. But he goes up and he's illuminated. He appears golden like the sun, right? He's on the top of a mountain. And it's through a kind of...  It's through an encounter with the theos, or the god, or with the heavens. And in the Greek, the heavens, the term for heavens that's used in the New Testament is the same word that's used for the god Uranus in the Greek mythology.  So this transfiguration occurs through this interaction. Jesus ascends to the top of the mountain and has this interaction with the Theos and is illuminated. You could argue, and someone might argue, well, this points to him as a solar figure, but I would argue it represents a kind of reflected light of the Theos, of the heavens, right? He becomes like the sun because he's reflecting the golden light and so forth.  But it would relate to themes that we're discussing here. Why is he wearing a golden shirt? To the extent that it represents the Aryan and something solar, is it something that he's kind of inserted himself into, inhabited? Is it really his essence or is it a kind of cloak or mantle? that he's wearing, like the mantle that, you know, Alicia picks up from Elijah as Elijah becomes the burnt offering on a fiery chariot up into the heavens and so forth. Yeah, I think that it has that significance, essentially, that it's saying that he has become in a way cloaked  through this admixture with the Aryan, if that makes sense to you. It does. It's a kind of intuitive reading, of course, right? And it's one of these less precise readings, but it's a kind of intuitive reading. And that's part of the, I think it's part of the art of deciphering gem. It's not just the science, right? There's some  There's some, you know, they're artists ultimately. So they're painting colors and there is a little vagueness in terms of what they're interpreting. But I think that that's sort of the upshot of the symbol  conveyed here with the golden shirt. Anyway, if you were going to say. And the word goldbricking is used twice. It's applied to the two Jeff Lebowski's and to goldbrick is to, I think it means you're trying to like cover some shabby metal in gold and pass it off as a gold ingot. Like I think that's what it is. So yeah. The sheriff says that to the dude and then Walter says that to the big Lebowski.  they, they use that gold bricking. Yeah. Um, yeah, that's what it means. A thing that looks valuable, valuable, but it's in fact worthless. Yeah. Um, so that's the, a gold brick is that's the noun. Let's, uh, look a little deeper though. See if we can find anything else. Um, yeah, I remember hearing that term, but I didn't really pause to check it out. Um,  I am curious. The verb means to shirk responsibility or perform half-heartedly, loaf, to swindle, cheat, gold brick, right? But it's related to the noun form, of course, a brick made to look like gold sold by a swindler. Yeah. Also a gold brick or a person, especially a soldier who shirks responsibility or performs duties without proper effort or care. But yeah, I take your point. So it's almost like he's gold plated as opposed to actual gold, I think is what you're insinuating. Yeah, of course.  I know we're long, but I am curious what you guys – and this is so minor, but I don't know. I just can't help but think about it. He seems to have this admiration or appreciation for these Republican figures despite being the author of the Port Huron Statement and what have you. He's –  He's got Nixon on his wall. He sees Nancy. He goes, oh, is that Nancy? Oh, yeah, she's cool. And he sort of looks up in awe almost at Bush 41. This aggression, shall not stand, which you already brought up. I don't know. Do you think he's just sort of ambivalent and past his radical days? Or do you think there might be something more to that? You want to take this one, Richard?  Well, I can take it. What you have noticed is absolutely correct. I mean, even that picture of Nixon bowling, that's a famous picture. I believe that was in the basement of the White House. And it's a famous picture, much like Nixon with Elvis. There's also the fact that, yeah, he does...  He is this radical, he calls people fascist, but then he's not doing that to Republicans. There's the Sodom in front of the bowling shoes, and Sodom's almost delivering the silver and gold shoes to the dude. I don't have an answer to these things. It's interesting. It's sort of surprising that they would paint the character that way.  You know, like a leftist that has a picture of Nixon bowling. I don't know. Maybe it's a demeaning of Nixon because he looks goofy or something. I don't know. But even then, like Nixon is, it's almost like a shrine. Like Nixon is above all of the alcohol. Like this is an important place in the dude's house. I agree. I don't have an answer for that, but it is clearly something consciously done by the Coen brothers, but. um so uh there were a couple other things i was going to point out uh so there is also this this humorous scene where uh and i think it actually it's a kind of comical scene but i think it's kind of a important scene in a way as frivolous and as ridiculous as it seems but you'll remember the scene where uh um is it thorn tree the pornographer is that his name thorn tree or something like this yeah jackie treehorn treehorn treehorn yeah so jackie treehorn uh scribbles a note and the dude wants to know what the note is right so he goes he goes over and he and he um does that trick where you um uh  You rub the pencil and you're able to see the outline of the image. The impression, yeah. Yeah, the impression. And what's revealed is a man with a giant phallus, right? But it is ultimately kind of an image of Priapus, the dwarf, right? So, and I think that they, which I would argue is a kind of proto-Jewish figure, dwarves are proto-Jewish. But this idea of the dwarf with a big penis, it reminds us of, who's that famous Jewish porn star? Oh, Ron Jeremy. Yeah, Ron Jeremy, who's also a kind of dwarf with a big penis, right? Yeah. So I think that they're in, but the idea that it's kind of a ridiculous scene, it's actually kind of germane in a way because it's the whole  movie I think is ultimately about sexual competition and bride gathering and so forth. So it's not, it kind of goes to the sort of main themes of the film rather than just being a kind of ridiculous moment in the film, that there's a kind of sexual subtext and a sexual bride gathering subtext to the whole film. Right. Yeah. So it actually in that humor, I mean, I mean, I guess I'm gaining a kind of new appreciation for the film, especially because it does seem like the themes, uh, It does foreshadow all the themes that appear in No Country for Old Men, but it does it in a comical way that's not in the sort of somber and dour and serious way that occurs in No Country for Old Men. But I think that...  All the themes, you know, they've been dwelling on the same themes. And this is true with all filmmakers. Right. They they probably they all make one film and then just put it in many different coats, essentially. Right. So they're all interested in the same things. But, you know, on the other hand, I guess you could say Jem is also interested. Jem broadly or Jewish filmmakers are broadly interested in a lot of these themes. But. but i think that we can give coen brothers credit for being unique in terms of the things that they sort of focus on and i think that that this is one of them is is one of uh a kind of bacchanal uh decadence in gentile society and the decline of gentile society the milk going sour effectively right um the other thing i wanted to point out too was the um Let me see if there's a, that might be it, but, oh yeah, so there are these, the nihilists also appear in the dream sequence. I think Richard may have cut it off before, but they, They appear clad in red and they've got these clippers and they're threatening to castrate him effectively. And so we have this association with castration with Saturn, who is a proto-Jewish god, and especially the famous castration of Uranus or Calus, who...  is the heavens and has a kind of Aryan significance is the argument we make. But I think that it's probably a more, it's a broader symbol than, it's a broader, more broadly, it's a broader symbol than that in the sense that it's perspective. So in other words, the Jew is also in danger of being castrated by the Aryan or the Gentile. You know, and whether this becomes a symbol of bride gathering or sexual competition or whatever the case may be. You know, so, again, we've related it also to Jewish circumcision, which, again, has a kind of negative influence.  symbolic significance as it would turn out in the Hebrew Bible. It is a way of damaging or destroying or weakening in making subservient Abraham to Yahweh, for example, castrating him symbolically and making him a slave because slaves are circumcised and so forth. But I think it's it's respectful in the sense that there is also in ancient Greece the myth that Zeus castrated  Saturn. Saturn, yeah. Yeah, or castrated Kronos when he overthrew him. And probably what this comes from is the kind of barbaric reality of ancient tribes when they conquered villages. They would make eunuchs of the men, for example, if the alternative is being killed. And you want to conquer these people, but you want to have access to their women and you don't want them to have access to your women. So you castrate them effectively, right? I mean, this is probably a kind of primitive ancient reality.  that's reflected in the myths, for example. But it became a taboo in ancient Greece. In ancient Greece, they didn't like this idea of castration. So the fact that Kronos is a castrator of Uranus especially makes him a villain in the ancient Greek context. But there was also an obscure myth that was a kind of taboo myth about Zeus castrating Kronos, which is a myth that was disfavored by the Greeks, right?  And we can argue all the sort of psychological reasons for that and whatever. But it's also so I think that what the Coen brothers are expressing is the idea that they also can be castrated, especially if they symbolically castrated, if they lose this sexual competition with Gentiles or Aryans. And that's sort of my reading of this.  the symbol of these German nihilists that are seeking to castrate, right? Well, yeah, you can say it's like projection or, you know, or they're going to do to us what we did to them or something. Yeah. Sure, sure. Yeah. And I mean, often with projection, though, projection often appears in the kind of exoteric layer of Jewish films, I would argue, right? Mm-hmm. uh where the gentile is the bad guy but they're projecting in some cases maybe they're projecting jewish um activities or traits onto a gentile character right and he may not even be gentile if you look at the symbols closely it could just be it could be just kind of reveling in sort of a jewish villainy or something in a particular film right mm-hmm  All right. I think there are actually probably a half dozen other things I could bring up, but I think that we've gone three hours, actually, and I think we did a lot with The Big Lebowski. Is there anything you want to say just to tie a bow around the Coen brothers? Because I do think we want to move on from them. We can come back to their films, but  Definitely. Do you have any bows to be tied around the Coen brothers? I'll close by saying there's a lot of sexual illusion in the film. It's just steeped in it. And, you know, broad gathering is an important sort of subtext of Jem broadly. So if that's offensive to you or you think that, you know,  I'm making these things dirty because you have, you know what I mean? Then you know what to do. Yeah. So let's do this for just looking ahead. I really like the idea of Homer. And I was working on that a little bit yesterday of just what we can do. And so I don't think we're going to read the entire Iliad, but I think diving into Homer is a very good idea. But before we do that, let's do a little Shakespeare. We're going to take a break. Someone said Gattaca.  I am perfectly willing to do Gattaca. The guy who seems to be... Wyatt Stagg, I believe is his name, who seems to clearly be inspired by what we are doing and is making these videos. I mean, I don't know what to say. He did a little 20-minute video in Gattaca, and I thought he nailed it. It's clear... Well...  possible that he came up with these ideas in parallel. I would think that he has read Mark's stuff, he's listened to these podcasts. I'm 90% sure that that's the case. I think giving us a little credit might be in order, but anyway, regardless, he does...  Nail it. So if you want to watch his video in Gattaca, I would recommend it. He talks about the burnt offering sort of replacement of the Aryan with a Jewish figure. I mean, there's just a lot there. And yeah it's very good work i've been trying to get in touch with him actually but i can't he like put his twitter on silent or uh protected his tweets or whatever he did so anyway someone said he might be worried about a youtube band referencing us i think it's yeah yeah yeah i mean you can now talk about it you can objectively talk about people who are banned you you just sort of can't what they seem to not want is for me nick fuentes etc to to just upload our own content and so on but there's a lot of stuff on us i don't think it's you could even just mention rem and then you don't have to mention us and it can just go off but anyway um  I think he's definitely learned a lot from Brahman and maybe a little from myself. So I don't know. I think if we want to build on things, you have to give credit. Giving credit isn't just about vanity. It's when you credit other authors, you're able to build vanity. an intellectual movement you can disagree with them you can people who want to challenge your reading uh can go back to where it's coming from and look at those foundations learn maybe agree with it ultimately i mean that's why you cite your work in academia it's not purely about vanity or to prove that you read something like like you did your homework or something  It's about so that you can actually build and progress. So I do think he is a Brahmanite. I am all but certain of it, in fact, and he should acknowledge this. It's a way of cross-referencing. Exactly. It builds credibility, too, because you're not the only one saying it. So I haven't watched this stuff, and I can't really make a determination either way. People are saying that basically he's...  using the work and not necessarily citing it. I don't know. But what I would say is that  Yeah, I don't, I mean... It's good in a way. I mean, he... He'd never looked at Gattaca, and he pretty much nailed it to the wall. So, here might be the sort of concern on his part, is that he could be part of the dissident right where... i've been blacklisted right by people like keith woods and shed yeah he's really petty idiot faggots basically yeah and uh so he might not want to irritate other people um uh by referencing me which i think is bullshit i mean it's just like you know buddy you know if you if you're using someone else's ideas you've got to acknowledge or you will  you know, you'll create problems. Yeah. It's just, it's dishonest. And yeah, if that's the reason, because the BAP sphere and other people hate us, I mean, give me a break. yeah but it's it's just the general kind of like you know it's funny that you know uh and again i don't know any i don't know so i don't want to go on too long i don't know what the guy is talking about or anything or or if it could be plausibly traced to my work or whatever the burnt offering thing is obviously an idea that i brought into the whole space right we know where ideas are coming from i obviously brought that thing in you know what i mean and that's like a main thesis of rem theory did the guy figure it out on his own She's kind of strange that no one figured it out before me and then other people are talking about it. Right. Months later, other people figured it out after. Yeah, it's a little bit suspicious. You know, but again, I don't I haven't looked at his work or whatever, but it's, you know, if the guy makes it, you know, the guy can always make good and start referencing and acknowledging. In any case, I think we should wrap it up.  Yeah, let's wrap it up. So read first half of Romeo and Juliet or watch a Romeo and Juliet film that is using the text. And we'll talk about that on Sunday. All right. Bye.