How is everyone doing? Well, is it fall yet? Where you are? It's seeming a bit like that out here in Montana. It's kind of hot, but then there's somewhat of a nip in the air and it gets cold at night. Anyway, so... There is a lot to talk about, and I thought we'd cover news items mostly today, or at least at first today.  And RFH and I were talking about an interesting idea. It's an interesting subject that needs to be talked about. It's a massive subject, but it's something that you rarely hear discussed. And you even more rarely hear it critically discussed. And that is adoption. and i think this is going to be an interesting conversation it's preliminary in some ways because i i feel like i'm even organizing my own thoughts about it but i i think it's going to be an interesting discussion and as you can imagine we have some very critical things to say about this  industry that is lauded as heroic and so on. I do want to talk about the Irina Zarutska situation. She was brutally murdered on public transportation in Charlotte.  But first, I just want to hit some super low hanging fruit. It's so low hanging that it's below the ground. In fact, it's the fruit that's below sea level. It's so easy. But I think that will be a good way to start out. I guess I have a different take on this matter. And I'm, of course, referring to the Philadelphia Phillies Karen situation. um so let me play that but first um rfh how are you doing i'm doing well thank you good all right we've got a good uh crowd here as well and people usually hop in as the discussion goes on  All right, so let me play a video. This was the best summary video that I could find. About the Philadelphia Phillies Karen and I will share that on my screen. Just one moment. Here we go. All right, so.  This video actually summarizes the whole ordeal. This was blowing up on Twitter, and I don't think it was just blowing up on baseball Twitter. Everyone decided to talk about baseball for a little bit this weekend and express their opinion on it. And let's just watch this depiction here. So it was a game between the Philadelphia Phillies and the Marlins, and they are in Marlins Stadium.  And the Marlins aren't terribly popular. They don't sell out at all. And that actually plays a factor in this dispute here.  Sometimes you need that reset. And Bader just unloads on this one. Deep left field and that one is gone as Bader goes back to back with Brandon. What a long home run to left for Harrison Bader. It's his 15th of the year and his third since joining the Phillies. It's 5-1.  So I guess this is really bad radio. Some people do listen to it. So a home run was hit by a guy named Vader.  who I guess he's recently been traded. I remember the Red Sox played the Minnesota Twins, and he was on the Twins. Anyway, he's now on the Phillies hitting homers, back-to-back homers, in fact. And he hits one into left field, and a man rushes over to a new section. He grabs a ball that's on the ground and then goes back and gives it to a kid who's his son, in fact. And I think that's really clear. And then a woman with the unfortunate Karen haircut, walks over and starts arguing with him and he makes a very funny motion it's like he it almost looks like a child or maybe someone who's been hit over the head you know where you i i don't i don't quite get that it feels autistic autistic okay interesting yeah maybe like he's uh stimming or something  Stem it. Yeah, there's something going. Well, I've seen these players in the NFL when they're hit really hard. They'll do that or they'll like an arm will shoot out. And it it's sort of indicative of something profound going wrong with their nervous system. I don't know if he was even putting that on or something. It's just I find it. I find his response a little bit bothersome. And so here, everyone's applauding because the Marlins and their PR department come out and they give them a bag of goodies, like T-shirts and signed baseballs and whatever, which is all good. And then here's the guy who hit the home run, and I think he gave him a signed bat or something. So this kid really made out well.  due to the whole ordeal. But let me just mention a few things. So... I wasn't watching the game, but there was this flood of commentary on it. And...  It was all 99%, but I would say 100% directed at the Philly's Karen. And in fact, I've seen AI videos made of her slop as usual. And everyone is attacking her. And they doxed her, apparently. I saw one thing if she had been fired by her. company i mean i think that might have very well been fake but just the fact that they're doing this strikes me as very unhealthy nietzsche enjoins us be suspicious of people in whom the drive for punishment is strong and i i just first off so  going to the other side of the stands and grabbing a ball from the ground. If you're under the age of 14, I think that's fine.  If you're an adult, isn't that just a bit much? Like you're racing over to grab the ball to give it to your kid. Like there's just a sort of assume, there's an ethic that is consensual and assumed, which is that if you're at a baseball game, it's a lottery ticket basically you you might very well get a ball you might even sit in the best place to get foul balls and never get one or you might just be walking to buy a hot dog and one just you know hits you right in your right hand and you've got what i mean it it's just sort of a lottery fighting over a ball that's just not good And I saw one other image and I think it might have been at the same stadium or or another one where they're just no one supporting the team. And there so there were two people. There was like a teenager or maybe a young man and a little and a girl who was probably nine or ten, let's say. And a ball was hit into the bleachers. No one's around. And they're both sort of chasing after it.  And the young man wins this race for the ball. And he's like, yes, he celebrates. But then he feels this inexorable pull of chivalry or whatever. And he gives the ball to the 10-year-old girl. And everyone applauds that. That's obviously not controversial. That's a very nice thing to do. But I don't like this guy, to be honest. And...  Here's Karen once again enforcing the unwritten rules. And I think she actually is. So baseball is and I guess all sports really have. They all have unwritten rules.  In football, you don't really go low. Let's say there's an interception and there's some chaos in the field. You can definitely block people and you can block them hard. You don't go at their knees and you don't unnecessarily  blindside someone, earhole someone. It's kind of an unwritten rule. In baseball, there are all of these unwritten rules. If you're up by seven runs, you don't swing at a 3-0 pitch. If the other guy's throwing a no-hitter, you should go up there and try to get a hit no doubt about it but you shouldn't really bunt for like you it's not cheating so much as it's kind of unmanly like if a guy is throwing a no hitter in the ninth inning and you're like laying down a little bunt or something and it's not not okay not okay  You should swing and try to get a hit. That's true. You shouldn't give him the no-hitter, but you shouldn't get like a cheap hit. You should get a solid hit to break up the no-hitter. There are many other unwritten rules. Look, if your guy is wild, even if he's not intentionally hitting the batters, they're going to probably throw at a batter. If you injure a player on the field,  You're going to get a fastball right in your rib cage. You probably are not going to get a fastball at your head. Another unwritten rule. That's a bit much. You could actually kill someone doing that. And you don't do that. But are you going to bruise his rib? Are you maybe going to break his rib? Yeah.  Yeah, you're going to do that because it's an unwritten rule. And here we have Karen enforcing the unwritten rules that make society work. And again, this guy is getting lionized for getting the ball and giving it to his son, which is fine. And I certainly don't have a problem with that.  But the unwritten rule is that foul balls are fun and it's a lottery. You might get one, you might not get one. Going over and taking the ball from someone is not okay. And so here's Karen again enforcing the unwritten rules and then getting punished punished for it. So there's sort of unwritten rules in condominiums where you don't play loud music after 10 p.m. or there's unwritten rules about a public beach where you don't invite literally every family member and everyone you know and play loud music And basically ruin the atmosphere for everyone else, for all of the nuclear families who are probably looking for a quiet time at the beach to relax. And they don't want to be around some Indian or Mexican family reunion, to be honest. And Karen's enforced those things. So I don't know. I think this whole case was a bit ambiguous. It was definitely more ambiguous than people were making it.  where they're like, she was so out of line, or whatever. I mean, no, was she? Was she actually out of line? I don't think so. I think she's just trying to enforce a sort of mentality at the ballpark where you don't run over to someone else's seat and take the ball that's sort of, in this implicit way, his or hers. Just...  My opinion. But I don't know if you want to comment also on Karenism in a broader way. Yeah. I mean, everyone claims they want a high-trust, orderly society, but no one wants to defend the Karens. Those are the people who enforce that order. And I agree. It looked really bad. I immediately...  I mean, maybe it's just my natural impulse to simp for women always. But I just immediately kind of thought this is too much, like people reacting to her. And I thought it looked bad, him running over there to grab this ball. She's like within inches of it. And then all of a sudden he just swoops in from across, you know, the other side and just takes it from her. I'd be pissed too. It is low trust. It's greedy. And it's just...  it's just clearly violating some sort of social norm. And if you don't see that, I think you're just blinded, or you just don't have an understanding of these things. The dad just seemed off, just again, running over there from way across, grabbing this, and then he's like shaking scared, or this old woman just comes over to like kind of yell at him a bit, and he's like terrified.  Yeah, he's an off weird little man. And I really sympathized with her. I understand why she was angry in the moment. At the very least, even if you think that it's not warranted her reaction. Why are you so desperate to ruin this woman's life over a private incident at a baseball game? Yeah, everyone should have forgotten about. you know in half an hour later like why why did it become this big national thing why are you calling for her head it's just ridiculous and karens are an important part of of having an orderly society so i i think they get demonized way too much but they they really are just like the white blood cells of uh the the social organism and i think they play a very important role and it's it's sick how much we've uh turned on them i i totally agree yeah i mean i i'll also even like grant that maybe the situation was a little ambiguous and she did seem a bit ugly i mean i can i can grant that but the situation's now over everyone does things  Right. In the moment that your temper gets high and you seem like a jerk. Everyone does that. And the kid got assigned bat. So like, yeah, it worked out for him. There's no problem whatsoever. Everything's fine. And people want to attack her. So what it's coming from is some sort of deeper pathology. Yes. So it's not it's it's.  it's not that you're just mad at that person. You have this self-righteous desire to punish her and harm her life. And she represents something in society, which you despise, which again, the Karen is sort of the cop of the unwritten rules. You know, the police will police the written rules. You can't drive 70 in a 65 and they'll police that. You can't,  You can't rob a store. I mean, they police that. But society is about unwritten rules. This is getting at also kind of deeper things. I hate these ideas of like a society of laws or whatever. Society is implicit. Like 90% of society, if not 99% of society, is implicit. No, I'm not saying that there shouldn't be written laws or there shouldn't be some sort of legal or punishment system. There's just a society is we should say we're a society of no laws and I'm not a libertarian. What I mean by that is that there's a consensual and peer pressure enforced collective organism that we call society.  And that's how it works. And when you see these images, not to be too gross or sound like I'm, you know, the online right or something. But when you see the images of like pooping on beaches or like a thousand Indians on a train. Yeah. or like like they're just or again the kind of thing of like do you really need to invite a hundred people to some sort of indian family reunion at a public beach like is this necessary you're you're just you're being loud most people there want to they're they're alone they want to read a book or jump in the in the water  They're there on a date. They're there with their like reasonable family of four people. And they don't want loud music and strange smells coming from a public space. You are polluting the public space. You're ruining it for everyone. And we just don't do that. That's what society is. That's the definition of society. Quote, we just don't do that.  And Karens autistically make the implicit explicit. And they're punished for it. But there's almost like, why does the Karen exist? And it does also get at this fact that...  so much of the anti-Karen discourse occurred in New York City in its environs. And it was all racial. And from what I could tell, maybe with a few exceptions, the Karens were in the right, or at least they were well-intentioned in calling out misbehavior by minorities. Yeah. Yeah, like that one guy in the park with his dog off-leash, and she went viral, but he had some scary pit bull dog running around. Yeah. So, yeah. I mean, it's a slippery slope for these things, too. You know, it starts with little things, and then things get worse and worse, and then we're sitting there wondering why everything sucks and why interactions in public are terrible and why no one respects public space. Well...  You demonized all the Karens who enforce these rules. Because most of our lives don't interact with the law in everyday life. They're not really legal matters. They are really, just like you said, these little unwritten things. And at the end of the day, someone needs to enforce that when these rules are violated. And they're doing the hard, thankless job of this. Yes. So thank a Karen today.  Yes, I think there's probably like an evolutionary purpose of the Karen. Because remember, we we had society before there were laws, in fact, and maybe there were just like tablet law of eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth at some point. which also the Hammurabi's code is also misunderstood because that whole eye for an eye people think is very brutal, but that was actually a sort of refinement of an earlier form of justice. But anyway, that's neither here nor there. My point is that society existed before laws were written down, and it wasn't total violent chaos, even if it was surely crueler and more brutal than it is today.  And so how did it exist? There's probably an evolutionary purpose for this nagging Karen. There was probably like a cave woman who weirdly cut off all her hair. So it was like a bob.  who was laying down the implicit rules in 30,000 BC. Just saying. It's why we have menopause. Only four species have it, and humans have it, so that women can become Karens and pass down these knowledge and enforce order.  Yeah, I'm sort of not even joking. There must be some evolutionary purpose to that, and maybe this is it. And again, people react against Karens. They just want a society that doesn't work. They also just don't want to be told you have to go to bed on time or something. They're angry about...  being corrected as children and not being able to do whatever they want. They want to be able to smoke weed in Central Park in front of children or something. It's like, oh man, it's a free country. They just want anarchy and they're angry that these nice older women don't want to give up their country like that. Yeah. Chris, you had your hand up. You wanted to jump in.  Yeah, sure. The Karen, as we've established, the Karen is anterior to the state. She is prior to the state. Correct. Yes. Over the state of the laws. As Carl Schmitt wrote in his book, The Theory of the Karen. Yes. Yeah. Karen is the one who decides on the exception. Yeah. I mean, it's correct. Yeah. You see what you guys are missing? You see what you guys are missing when you don't come to our Sunday sessions? You miss these discussions of Carl Schmitt and Karen. Lots of stuff going on there. um but yeah i just wanted to mention this kind of ties into this oh chris we lost chris i i bet yeah you you can pop in chris again and um continue to discuss this issue um okay  As always happens during the day, the good thing about doing these at 7 p.m. My time is that Zeus gets very sleepy and he just lies here. But during the day, he is a Karen of sorts. He likes to bark at every slight noise that occurs. Zeus, sit down. Good boy. Please just sleep. Thank you.  All right. Well, I sort of buried the lead a little bit in terms of news. So we can talk a little bit about what's going on with Trump. Let me just... I'll just find... So the House Oversight Committee is...  doing a lot, actually. And they so. If we go back, there was a Wall Street Journal report a few months ago that we talked about in which the the claim there was that there was a 50 year birthday book for Jeffrey Epstein and all of these famous people wrote letters, Clinton, Dershowitz and, of course, Donald Trump.  And the article included a description of a letter that I also found a bit odd. And if someone had read this description and they said, do you think Donald Trump did this? I would probably say no. I mean, on just a surface level,  It seems almost too artful for Trump to do. And we read this before. But anyway, just to get the news out of the way so everyone, we're all on the same page. So this has been now released. So there has been corroboration of the existence of this birthday book and existence of Trump's strange letter  And so I don't know. Trump sued the Wall Street Journal just as an individual. I don't know if he has any standing in that suit. To sue someone for libel, you have to prove that they are knowingly and with malice trying to harm your reputation. And I think that suit doesn't have any standing after the release of this document. Maybe the document is fake, but...  It clearly the Wall Street Journal was reporting on real things. So here it is again. So it says voice over. OK, so this is like a movie scene we're watching here. There must be more to life than having everything. Donald.  Yes, there is, but I won't tell you what it is. Jeffrey, presumably Jeffrey Epstein, nor will I, since I also know what it is. Donald, we have certain things in common, Jeffrey. Jeffrey, yes, we do, come to think of it. Donald, enigmas never age. Have you noticed that? Jeffrey, as a matter of fact, it was clear to me the last time I saw you.  Donald, a pal is a wonderful thing. Happy birthday, and may every day be another wonderful secret. Signed, Donald Trump. Now, you can have everything. You can have cars, you can have buildings, you can have money. But what is that thing missing from the lives of the man who has everything? The answer is, of course, pussy.  makes the world go round. I presume that's what they're referring to. Um, the problem with this is the, the sinister quality to everything. And there's even worse things. There's, uh, another here. I'll, I'll just, um, I'll just call up a, uh, another tab here. Um,  2003 picture. Hopefully this will come up first. Yeah. I mean, these are also in the trove. This is, This is possibly Donald Trump on the right wearing this jacket, holding a knife, and looking like a robber. And here's Jeffrey Epstein. You can make out his face with, I guess, pantyhose on his head. He's like a Mexican about to rob a liquor store or something. This was...  I don't even know what to make of this. This was in the girlfriend section. According to I guess this is Sagar and Jetty, the signature appears to be of Alberto Frederick Gomez. There are people watching a piano recital of sorts, and there's a young girl on the ground. Maybe crying.  It looks like it's drawn by a child in 2002 and colored with sprinkles. I do not even... I don't even have a guess at what this is. Here are some of the other ones. There is a close-up of it, but let me find this. This is the one that is...  Most likely to be taken as grooming. Epstein. Picture balloons, maybe. People are really fixed. Yes, this is it. So. What a great country. So you have 2000 in 1983 here. Presumably this is Jeffrey Epstein. He has. Non gray hair.  And he's offering a lollipop to young girls who look to be nine. I don't know. And then 20 years later, they're all grown up. They're, they're 29 and they're on the beach with Jeffrey one, two, maybe are topless. They're giving him a massage, rubbing in some suntan lotion, perhaps. um i don't know how to interpret this other than this is clearly a depiction of grooming not necessarily pedophilia but grooming young girls to later in life become sluts masseuses victoria's secret models hanging out at the beach  Yeah, at a loss for words.  Um, just to go back to this one thing I found odd. So there were a couple of people who created fake versions of the letter. And as the letter was described in the Wall Street Journal, it was that Donald's signature was resembling or representing pubic hair. And I'm not positive that was intended.  by Trump when he made this, just looking at it. I'm not positive. But the other thing that I find odd is the  Let me show you. Lower down here in this thread, there was a fake version of this. This is fake. It's on stationery. This is pretty much how I imagined the letter to be.  made. So you have the outline of a woman with pretty large breasts and then you have Donald's signature right there in the crotch. So it's like pubic hair. This is different, but there's also just something odd about this in the sense that it's a torso. Almost like it's a statue in the Louvre that is lacking a head and the arms have been have fallen off or been ripped off or something like that. um smallish breasts are these aristocratic breasts or are these child's breasts we don't know fairly large hips although he's fitting those around the text uh I I don't I I don't know the there there seems to be this cryptic and creepy language that they're speaking to one another The real image is so much creepier than, I guess, the fake ones that they were making as what it could have looked like. Yeah. That one feels more like just kind of sexy or something. This feels... I don't know. It's like the way a serial killer looks at a body. Like, it's...  it feels so like sterile and like dead or something. And there's no, yeah, it's just a torso dismembered. Yeah, it does. It does seem dismembered. It's just way more disturbing. Um, and I, I don't, what kind of birthday card is that where he's like writing a dialogue between the two of them? Is he referencing like a conversation they've had or is he just making that up entirely? It's, it's very weird. Um,  Yeah, and it seems like he did it as well. When I first heard about this, I was thinking this was some artsy thing that someone in the advertising department of the Trump organization did or something done by some bon vivant or professional artist that they knew did this. But this actually strikes me as he did it.  And it is odd. It's a film. So it's the movie in his mind. The voiceover. Why? Why is it a voiceover? Why?  I just it's I don't get it there. There do seem to be these inside jokes going around, but that that we're not getting because we're not in the loop. Unfortunately, we weren't invited. But I don't I'm sort of at a loss for words with all this stuff. It's creepy.  Yeah, it definitely feels like they're talking in some sort of code. But I guess we won't really know what they're referencing. I don't know. I mean, to me, it does kind of feel like they are talking about having sex with minors. Mm-hmm. And that's, yeah, that's also Trump did kind of make a quote before he said the best thing in the world is like top rate pussy or something. I think that's something he said before. So at the very least, it does seem he's referencing some sort of sex thing. And just from the way that they're talking about it in such a roundabout kind of creepy, sinister way, it does feel it's illegal somehow. And that it's, they are referencing minors. I just, I can't imagine what else this conversation is about. I don't know if we'll ever get any sort of confirmation, but. it does read that way to me looking at it now it sort of looks as though yeah there's like the voiceover so you hear you're hearing epstein and trump's voices and literally as you're reading the text your eye is going down the body of this woman or girl that's depicted  So you can almost imagine like you're seeing the movie there. Your eyes are kind of like the cameras going over this naked body as you hear Epstein and Trump saying, ah, yes, what is the secret? What is it that we want when we have everything? And it's like depicted there before you, essentially. Yeah.  Oh, go ahead. Yeah, sure. Oh, yeah. I thought it was actually an important point. I guess I want to kind of pivot back to the Karen discussion. Oh, to go back to the Karen. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sorry to be disjointed here. You just cut out the wrong time there. But yeah, I think the whole discussion about Karen, a lot of the commentary that I've seen denouncing the Karen seems to me to be kind of right-coded. From what I can tell, it's a lot of kind of like sports bro sort of type right wingers who are kind of offended. It now is. I don't think it was always like that. Well, yeah, exactly. Yeah, this is exactly where I'm going with it, because conservatives used to stand up for the Karens implicitly by saying, like, you know, well, we need we don't want the government to dictate to everybody directly. We want society in this kind of libertarian way to sort of police itself through strong social institutions. whether like the family and the church and so on and the neighborhood and so on but here and maybe this gets to kind of how in the trump era conservatism has mutated a bit it's increasingly about kind of vindicating masculine misbehavior like are you triggered snowflake so instead of like defending karens as an earlier generation of conservatives would  Now it's about like, well, hey, I can just say whatever I want. Are you complaining about it, Snowflake? It's like, yeah, this adolescent misbehavior a la Trump being vindicated. Yeah, it is. As you say, Chris, it's been a total flip. And it might have something to do with the fact that conservatives are always late to the party. And so seven years ago, critical race theorists were like theorizing about Karens and how it's...  you know, soft white supremacy or something. And they were like, oh, that's so stupid, whatever. And then seven years on, they're doing the exact same thing, basically, just in a dumb way.  And they're the ones now who are the rowdy, misbehaving idiots. And it's like Biden-Paris voters are the ones who are elite, if suburban and middle class, keeping them in line. It's like, fuck you. Do what I want now. It is a weird thing. It's like a transformation that occurred within recent memory.  of of of the codedness of these things. Now, Karen is coded as a liberal, which is crazy. BH, she wanted to jump in. Hey, The when Trump in the letter says enigmas don't age, maybe he's not people interpreted as he's calling Epstein the enigma, you know, like a cool cryptic nickname for him. But what if it's more simple than that? What if it's like what if it's like a code that's a subliminal message for. i don't know the young girls that they're partaking in it reminds me of the scene from dazed and confused where matthew mcconaughey's like these high school girls man i get older they stay the same age you know what i'm talking about yeah yeah that's a classic that's a classic line um  I mean, another way of interpreting it would be that the enigma is that you need pussy. And so the enigma is sort of timeless. Yeah, I think it is sort of... Because it's occurred in a birthday book, it makes sense that Jeffrey is the enigma who never really ages. Yeah, I...  I maybe the enigmas are the girls because they're hidden. I mean, yeah. Yeah. The whole thing is super strange. So it sort of lends itself to these like conspiratorial assumptions about it. Mm hmm. Someone put this into the. Chat. So this is Johnny Boy Kafka.  From Dallas, like 214 area code. Wow, I haven't seen that. I haven't heard that name in many years. Dearest Jeff, 50 years old. You really have had a pretty amazing life. Amazing because of where and when it started. Paula and Seymour fucking. Is there his parents, I presume? Yeah. Who was there to tell them where to stick it?  My God, who told them to spit on her cunt to make it wet? Maybe they had more on the ball than we all give them credit for. Who is this man, Johnny Boy? I mean, this is just so gross. Anyway. From that night back in May of 1953, as they lay there intoxicated from their lovemaking, little did they know what they would be bringing into the world early the next year. Let's fast forward to you. I remember summers when Warren would always work some shit-ass job, Nathan's, for minimum wage. Nathan.  It's kosher hot dogs, I presume. I would also find something male ego in Brighton Beach and Frogwood to Cabana Poi. But you, Jeff, would never work. Yes, you were special. You did things like music camps in Michigan, which brings me to when you lost your virginity. You may not remember, but I was under the same roof uh that could new year's eve could be new year's eve 66 or uh 67 not sure when he's a teenager first time i ever flew was with you is that a plane or is that a drug use i went with you to michigan okay well i think that's a plane to visit your friend i was just thinking we're flying watching the world pass us by sorry the interlocking girl for new year's eve it was also the first time i had ever laid eyes on a bright attractive bubbly blue-eyed midwestern female ah the eternal shishka she never ages she was like an alien to me  She wasn't Jewish or Italian. Wasn't she your first? My first was up in Monticello, where I spent part of the summer with Lloyd and Andy working at Playland Arcade in Monticello. I was Lloyd's I was Lloyd's girlfriend.  Wow. Anyway, back to the Michigan trip because it was significant. Jeff, you took me with you. It was my first time out of Brooklyn. It was no big deal, but we went and nobody else ever went anywhere back when and where we came from. Should we? Oh, it was sorry. I misread that it was Lloyd's girlfriend. Okay.  Interesting discussion of the shishka, basically. She was like an alien to me, not Jewish or Italian. I mean, I get how men can be vulgar when they're together, but isn't this a bit much? And to write it down as well, and...  I don't know. There's something... I just don't find any of this funny. I'm not in their friend group, obviously, but it's just... It's very strange, and they're almost just too obsessed with sex. It's just bizarre. I don't know. um does anyone else have anything else to say I mean I I think that there's the question of like a lot of people have taken the lesson from Donald Trump that you should deny deny deny deny and uh and then resist and never apologize and so on now rewind back to 2016 it was the october surprise and it was the access hollywood tapes where donald trump is bragging about seducing another man's wife by taking her furniture shopping of all things and then he advanced to you know you just grab him by the when you're a star they let you do it  Which is an interesting phrase in itself. They let you do it. This has been Trump's life is basically surrounding himself and being surrounded by sluts and floozies who probably do let you do it, if we're being honest. But...  Anyway, that was handled not by denying it. It's almost like we lived in the Victorian age in 2016. We are so beyond 2016 that the pussy tape wouldn't even make the front page at this point. Anyway, that was meant to just end Donald Trump.  He... Clinton thought he was a funny character. Maybe she wanted to run against him because he would be an easy fall guy. But there were little inklings that he just might win. And so they just pulled... They flipped the switch. They were going to end him with that. And what did Trump do? He admitted... Verified the tape and basically said...  This was locker room talk. I'm not a perfect guy, but I care about America. Let's not read too much into this. This is just boys being boys, in effect. What if Donald Trump had... simply admitted to all of the Epstein stuff, said things like, yeah, the island was amazing, we were surrounded by models. No, it wasn't a blackmail ring. No, no one died. No, there was no pedophilia. It was all girls in their 20s who wanted to become lingerie models, and we were just having our way with them. what if he had done that and just neutralized the issue very early on it seems like this endless denial is worse because he keeps denying things and then they're reported on and he denies them again and then the actual document is released like the next month and he continues to deny them and he just looks like a complete fool in the process  So they're doing handwriting analysis in whatsoever. I mean, does anyone think this is fake? Isn't this just a little too weird to be fake? You know, I mean, if you were going to fake someone to take down the president, wouldn't you create some like faux grainy surveillance footage that you create with AI of him like murdering someone or taking a bribe or doing crack cocaine or screwing across like you would do something really obvious. This is almost so weird that it must be true. Like, why would you make this up?  It's too weird to make up. I don't think anyone in the Wall Street Journal would be capable of thinking like that. It's just so odd. It's so foreign. It  I mean, everyone keeps saying it's fake and the signature is fake, like on the trumpet team. But I don't think anyone's really buying that. I don't even think MAGA is. I think everyone kind of senses this has to be real. It's just too odd. It's too specific. But they're just going to... They just don't care at the end of the day. But I think it's very obviously real. It's hard to deny at this point. And that's clearly his signature. Yes. Yeah. So...  It's like if he had just neutralized the issue, then he would maybe be able to survive it. The problem with Trump is ever since Pizzagate and spirit cooking up through QAnon,  There's just his entire base is are now conspiracy theorists. And I mean, there's just a few notes here. First off, when QAnon was at its height in 2020 and 2021, it was.  like 10%, let's say, of the Trump voters believed in QAnon or knew what QAnon was. However, 40% in effect believed in QAnon because they believed that Democrats were involved in a pedophile ring and Trump was fighting against it. So it's I don't know what to say. It's almost like saying, oh, I'm not an alcoholic. I just drink a bottle of whiskey at 10 a.m. every morning. I mean, it's like a distinction without a difference. Let's put it that way.  And so it became real. And if anyone was around in 2016 and 2017, QAnon was this fascinating thing. I first learned about it during the omnibus bill in 2017, where Trump was just signing this big pork belly, typical Washington bill. And there were some people saying, ah, you should veto it. We came here to drain the swamp.  Why are you become the swamp? Why are you doing this? Fair criticism, of course. And that's when QAnon started to crop up or at least got onto my radar. It's super bright. Oh. All right. Teresa, I'm going to mute you. that's when q anon came on my radar screen and it was this sort of conspiracy theory that explained away not doing anything so it was like you have to understand trump had to sign the ominous bill because it's a secret trap for done by the white hats against the black hats the good people in the nsa are trapping the cia and we're gonna march him out it was this weird you know like  domino type plan that made absolutely no sense. It was just an ultra probe.  Exactly, exactly. It was in Ultracope. And it then started to metastasize Alex Jones and... What's his name? James Corsi, I believe is his name. Got a hold of it. They started interpreting it into 2018. And then it started to metastasize. I think at one point, Alex Jones jumped off the bandwagon and Jack Posobiec said, like, Q is not real. But at that point, it just...  It was so far gone. And Ashley Babbitt, before she died, was literally quoting QAnon and his most recent drops. Yeah. Steve Bannon, as someone mentioned in the chat, Steve Bannon went on his show and said, the storm is coming. The storm is here. That's just a clear dog whistle to cue people, period. and you know it's this weird thing where like with Ashley Babbitt where they they were told that they didn't have to do anything that was sort of the initial cope mechanism of QAnon and then it so they all sort of were brought to Washington in some ways  almost like they floated there or, or something. I remember being on the space one time and talking with this J sixer. And I was like, did someone like, how did you get to Washington? And it was like, well, everyone was going and it's like, well, everyone, what does that mean? You know, did someone invite you? She was like, Oh no, but I, I just heard that we were all going. It was like a, like osmosis type thing. type influence it's just everywhere they're swimming in it they just end up in washington next thing you know you end up in the capitol carrying a lectern while waving a confederate flag and taking a poop on the desk of nancy pelosi it's just you just sort of like it's crazy like they're in a dream yeah  And they haven't waken up. But I think there's another thing, and I'm sure Hanania has said this, but other people have as well, which is like, conspiracy theories at this point seem to be how the Trump base processes information. Hmm. You know, so it's like whenever something happens, it's like, for instance, Putin invades Ukraine. They don't say like, like Kamala Harris, my girl Kamala, the woman I voted for queen. She described things very well. If in an elementary fashion, which is, yeah, she described it in a very bratty way.  which was Russia is a big country. Ukraine is a small country in Europe and Russia invaded Ukraine. Now, many people made fun of this person. However, she was accurately describing what just happened in the world, and she should be praised for that.  The Rogan sphere, they can't process something just happening. It is what it is, so to speak. So it's like, oh, so this is really about COVID. Putin's trying to...  get the original bioweapon that was COVID, which was developed in Ukraine. And so now the Ukrainians are fighting back to try to destroy the virus before Putin could get it. I mean, like, literally, this is how...  They think it's like something. It's one plus one equals two sometimes. And they're doing long division. It's just incredible. They're creating more epicycles on epicycles on epicycles. And it's like, no, the Earth just goes around the sun. It's easy. and I don't I mean so this is the prime this started in 2016 certainly with pizzagate but this is the problem that Trump is in right now which is that he can't escape this monster of his own designing like he's trained them to think this way  And now you have something, the Epstein situation, which is real. And at the very worst is a kind of legal, in many ways, illegal grooming sex camp.  Which, I mean, this is like the most benign way you can interpret what's going on. And it's not good. I mean, it makes him look very bad. He needs to at least address this issue.  And at worst, what was it? Mossad was blackmailing everyone on behalf of Israel. In last Thursday's talk, we got more detailed. And what were these somewhat illegal, often legal sex parties for the Israeli left and the kind of Anglo-Socialists who were opposing Likud? And this is actually a Likud...  The scandal itself is a Likud operation to smear liberal enemies of Likud. I mean, that it's a nuanced point. I'm inclined to agree with that after listening to Deep Left. I think it's very important to get down, you know, drill down. But it's bad. There's just no way to get there's.  you can't get away from that reality. And Trump's entire world is based on generating these conspiracy theories. And he's now mad at them for taking the conspiracy theory seriously. So he's like, you know, we brought, you know, you can never please these people. We promised them JFK. We gave it to them. It's never enough. You promised them the Epstein files and you released the, thousands of documents to dumbass conservative influencers in binders so that they could go through them for the next week and pick out all the Democrats. Like you did this. This is your remarkable and largely successful strategy for reaching the public is not to go through the mainstream media, but instead to go through Ian Carroll. I mean, that's it.  And it's gonna, is it going to take you down? I think it might. I don't know. Does anyone think he might survive this? I do. You think he'll just survive it? I think they don't care anymore about what's true. I think it's just about,  I don't know. They just want to own the libs. That's it. As long as he keeps owning the libs, it's fine. He can have a little pedophilia as a treat. As long as he's fighting for me and these horrible liberals that want me dead, it's okay. They'll just look the other way. I think they're too far...  They're too deep in. They can't let it go. They're more motivated again by owning the libs. It's just... They never cared about pedophilia. They never really cared that these people were actually doing that. They don't like that it's... It's those people that were doing it and that they're too woke and that they're threatening their lifestyle or something. I don't think it ever was about the fact that they are having sex with minors. I don't think fundamentally these people really care about that. Well...  Don't they, though? I mean, I don't know. But this is so much of their content mill is maybe from a kind of cynical perspective. You could say the content mill of Ian Carroll and Joe Rogan, isn't it sort of based on resentment? You know, like someone is having fun somewhere. Yeah.  And I'm not invited. Like, isn't that kind of even the Diddy party? I mean, I it it's gross, but might it very well have just been a bunch of male prostitutes having sex with rappers and their girlfriends?  I mean, it's terrible, and I do not want to witness such things. But isn't that basic jealousy and resentment at the heart of them? And might it at some point turn on Trump? Or I'm just engaging in wishful thinking, perhaps. Well, that would mean that they approve of these things. They want to do it themselves. So again, I don't think they really care about... you know having sex with minors i don't think that's really i don't think conservatives care about that i think they think that's just kind of well that's the way the world kind of works that's how men kind of are like yeah that's how they talk about like the me too stuff it's just well you know people in power take advantage and yeah that's how that's how it goes i don't think they're really like offended by these things on an emotional level like i  It's kind of how I see them with abortion, too. I don't think people really emotionally feel like if you take a pill to have a miscarriage when you have an embryo, do they really feel that they're killing a baby? I don't really think they think that. Some of them do, but you're saying the maggots shut people down. I don't think they feel that way. Really, do they believe that in their soul? No. I don't really think that they feel hurt by that. And I don't think they really feel hurt by the idea that wealthy men are off having sex with 16 year olds i think it was just a way to make their hatred of the left and liberals democrats feel more moral than it is like look i'm fighting this real evil it's not just that you know i have a problem with woke or people telling me what to do or high taxes or whatever i'm actually fighting a profound evil and now they get to associate all these things they don't like that they feel threatened by with something that they can say look this is so bad like this is this is what they're trying to tie it to pedophilia these sort of beliefs um again i think it's just a way of making this crusade seem more moral than it is rather than just political  And they don't really care. So as long as Trump has the right politics or they feel that he's fighting for their interests, it doesn't really matter. I don't think it will take him down unless they're actually able to like impeach him. But in regards to like his base and losing support. Now. Do you think that if there's a serious stock market crash and economic downturn, that the Epstein stuff will just be used as a kind of excuse to get rid of him anyway? Like, I understand the insanity and the insane loyalty of his base, but at some point, you just can't operate that.  with like 20% approval, which is what that would be. All the chuds are like totally behind him. But they're not the majority of the country. At some point, it just ends. Yeah, I do think that if the economy crashes under him, that will actually be the thing to sort of get rid of him because people will then be fed up. A lot of people, I think, voted for him on the margins just because...  Things are getting hard under Biden economically. And if things continue to get worse now under him, I think that actually will be the end of him and that they could use the Epstein stuff to just oust him as the excuse. Kind of like Watergate as well. Yeah. People care about their pocketbook. I don't think they really care about pedophilia, but they do care about that. Chris?  Yeah, I just thought I would throw this out there. This is broadly in line. This is in line with what RFH is arguing. I remember years ago, Vox Day. I'm sure there are people on the call who don't even remember Vox Day. That's how long ago this was. But yeah, he remember he said in this scene, just totally out of the blue at the time, like, where is this coming from? He said, if someone calls you a racist, call him a pedophile. like whoa but uh but yeah again that escalated quickly yeah seriously it's like but yeah obviously he was he was autistic too right so it's like uh it's so yeah it's like use the charge of pedophilia to own the lips that's exactly what he's saying that was the kind of that was the way to moralize the response to this very morally charged burden of saying the right wing is racist  Well, you got to fight fire with fire and call them pedophiles. One up them. That's like the one thing worse. That makes a lot of sense. I remember as Cernovich was doing this as well. I remember he went after Sam Seder in 2017 as like a Roman Polanski defender or something. And the comment, it's like, I mean, this was sort of before... AI, I guess you could fairly call Mark Brahman a Roman Polanski defender, but obviously it's just his films. But this was even before AI, but they're obviously transcript... Well, AI was around. It was before the explosion of AI. Transcriptions were available, but I don't think they were nearly as good at that point. But he must have combed through... Everything that Sam Cedar ever said, and it was like some 2012 aside in which he praised Roman Polanski, and he started calling him a pedophile. Yeah, they are really crazy. And of course, this leads to a what's the right word? It's a deflection away from the reality of Pedophilia mostly occurring in the home and not at school, but also occurring at school, just to be sure, but also occurring in the church, which conservatives don't ever want to address. The amount of like former pastors who become state congressmen in Louisiana who have been abusing boys and girls for years and finally get caught and go to jail and who are Republicans and religious right people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because again, I don't think conservatives care about this because when you're talking about this sort of pedophilia where it's like teens and people like to make this argument like, oh, it's fine, like they're to be attracted to them because, you know, they they're fully developed or whatever. And so you have to recognize that the problem there is like this power dynamic. Right, like this is a minor, they can't like make full decisions for themselves, especially when it comes to sex, which is something they don't really understand yet. But conservatives, they don't, that's just not something that's wrong in their worldview. Like you have to be kind of like lib coded to understand like that. exploiting a power dynamic like that feels wrong to you like that's that's that's a liberal worldview it's not a conservative one so I don't think that they really are scandalized by by men kind of taking advantage of women who are have adult bodies but are you know too young to make decisions like that for themselves they that's not scandalous to them isn't even the discussion of consent a kind of rationalization or mask on the fundamental disgust impulse that is evoked by all these things like it's it's not it's not just that this say 19 year old or let's say 17 year old who Jeffrey Epstein brought to his mansion and was she was raped in some way by, you know, Jelaine and Epstein and whatever. It's not just that she couldn't consent to it because maybe you could argue she could. What is a birthday anyway? Is there some magic about being 18? I was an idiot when I was 18.  Some people are more mature than I was when I was 18. Is it really consent, or does it get to some more primal aspect of this, which is that we have all of these young women, and in this case, they're all beautiful and in some way high-functioning.  Just to make it to Epstein Island, you have to be a little bit high-functioning. To make it to Hollywood, at the very least, it shows something. And we're just botching them. It's like the virgins trapped in Delphi by Python. They're inebriated, they're manipulated, they're controlled by these evil entities. And the fact that they're Jewish just adds...  a little subtle layer to it. It's even the discussion of consent is fundamentally about your worldview that these women are very important to our society. And we don't want them becoming whores for multiple reasons. It's disgusting just repugnant and this you just want to shriek back when you even think about jeffrey epstein you know having sex with all these people polluting them and uh but but also if you become a skank in that way you're far, far less likely to reproduce in a proper way and, you know, have kids of your own who are also high functioning and good looking and and so on. So it's just it. And, you know, there is one line I remember from Donald Trump where they said, oh, you like to have sex with other men's wives. Why do you do it? Isn't that wrong? And he's like, I do it because it's wrong. and that was this ongoing inside joke it's cool because it's bad well maybe screwing someone's wife is sort of not that big of a deal in the long term of these things but don't you think that you know affairs have happened before believe me uh believe it or not but Don't you think that Trump was on the outside of an inner circle in which the rape of the Shishka, the kind of rape of Persephone by Hades, dragging her down into the underworld, that's what it was about. That's a feature, not a bug. That's what's so exciting about it.  is that in other variations in the myth, it's Pluto. He's in darkness with gems. It's the origin of the word plutocrat. It's wealth, money, Wall Street... Master of the universe that if you look at that Kafka letter and take it seriously, it's like she was like an alien to me. She wasn't Jewish or Italian. She was blonde and blue eyed. And it's about them dragging down these women. Like, that's the point of it. That's what's so bad. They know it's bad, but that's what makes it so good.  And it is basically liberal or care-encoded to react to this and want to stop it. Yeah. I guess the conservatives are like the grandfather in the White Lotus. He raped her daughter. She forgave him. oh right season two of the white lotus yes there's the dirty old italian grandfather represents a more conservative 80s raped demeter's daughter she forgave him i i've never heard that i'm not sure that's what the myth is about but it's fascinating that that was thrown in there he's supposed to be representative of like the older generation's kind of worldview so yeah yeah it fits All right, before we talk about adoption, let's, and I don't want to spend too much time on this, but I think we should talk about Irina Zarushka and some of the discourse surrounding this. So I will share this here.  put it on full screen. So last Saturday, or I think that's when it came out, we had the image of this young woman. She's working at a pizza parlor, and she gets onto a train, public transport, and she's just minding her own business, staring at her phone.  and there's a man seated behind her who's black in a hoodie. He seemed rather disturbed from the beginning, and he's kind of muttering to himself or something. Maybe the guy you shouldn't sit by, but she's lost in her phone, and the video cut off right before the attack took place, but now we can see it.  So he stabs her and he walks off and she is left there and no one's doing anything. Hold on. Did the stabbing... Am I missing something? Yeah, it doesn't... It doesn't look like he stabbed her. Yeah. Does she look down for blood there?  It skips the frame of the video where she gets stabbed. Does that happen later? No, so they took out a frame of the video? Or did it happen so fast and this is a low frame rate video? That person who spoke up, am I missing something here? Yeah, they skip the frame of the video where she actually gets stabbed and it cuts right to where he's walking off.  So basically, they don't want to release something that graphic. I see. Okay. She does look like she has blood or something, but no one's helping her. You can see all the blood dripping off of his knife in his hands as he's walking off later in the movie. Wow. Blood on his hands, too.  Oh, it's weird. She doesn't seem that injured yet. But I guess you can't really see it. I think that can happen, yeah. Someone just said adrenaline is a hell of a drug. I think if you click the link I posted in the chat, I think it shows her actually getting stabbed. Oh, good lord. You're stabbed in the throat. You're obviously immediately in shock.  All right, let me... Good, Alex Jones has gotten his hands on this. All right, maybe I'll even cut this before I post it, but let's see how. It's another angle. Oh God, okay. This is a she is a she is really a victim of the modern age in the sense of and I sort of get it on some level. You know, if I'm in the New York City subway, I'm probably looking at my phone as well. But there's everyone around her is seemingly ignorant or not willing to do anything. Yeah. Rollo.  Yeah, I mean, I don't know why exactly this one has sort of made my blood boil so much. But something about it does, and I think that's just because it's something that should have never... It's hard to pass it off as just, oh, that's unfortunate, because she was really beautiful, and she was really young, and she hadn't done anything wrong.  And, you know, she was a refugee as well. And like in any sort of, you know, sane society, I guess, we would be taking precautions to stop this. Like you always hear, you know, people saying, well, prayers after a school shooting are fine, but we really need to like put laws in place to prevent this from ever happening again.  But the injustice of it is that I don't think that that's going to happen. Well, like, well, go ahead. Well, OK, but let me.  Let me push back just a little bit here. First off, I do think that this man is profoundly mentally ill. And, you know, both psychopathy and schizophrenia are higher in the African population.  They're they are more likely to be psychotic in some ways. I could I could imagine this man being simply a psychotic sadist who wants to inflict harm on others because he gains pleasure from it. I could imagine this man being schizophrenic and thinking that this woman was like weirdly attacking him or something. But I mean, let's also be honest here. This man is not like an actual representative of the black community.  And you know what I mean? Like, let's also be fair because they, they obviously are committing crimes at significantly higher rates, but this is exceptionally egregious. Would you not say as well that it's sort of, sort of violence by proxy because just from my experiences of, you know,  going, going on the subway. I don't, I don't own a car. I take the Metro and you do see these people fairly often enough. You see like some, you know, some black guy who's, you know, probably not well, something's clearly aggravating him. Definitely. You know, he's like, you know, he's shouting on the subway or I've seen a couple, you know, carrying knives, you know, they're not like, you know, actively harassing anybody.  But like, you know, when we were in Austin, people can vouch for me here. We were just walking down. What is it? Capitol Street? Anyway, the big. Yeah, there was this crazy man. There was this overweight homeless woman wearing like a bikini. And this crazy man had brought a knife out. And I Karen'd.  I just fully called the cops on him and the cops came. Yeah, I have been in my life a hundred or so times where you're in a subway car or you're five to ten feet away from someone who is clearly psychotic. And not just homeless or black or dangerous or whatever. Yeah, but go on. I guess to make my point a little bit short, it seems, I find it hard to imagine that, you know, oh, we just can't stop this from happening. You know, like the cost would be too great. You know, the cost on human lives and stuff like that. I understand it's not representative of the black community per se, but it is representative of our sort of tolerance for, you know, normal white people like this to be sort of murdered randomly on the subway and you know we we but how do we solve problems like this because we have locked up in basically warehoused  A large percentage of the African-American population between the ages of 17 and 40. So, I mean, one thing I would say is, and this actually dovetails into the discussion about adoption that we're going to have in a little bit.  the lack of institutions for psychotics and even in some circles the denial of psychology The Sazian type perspective that they just they're just different than we are and we fear what we don't understand or something. The lack of just outright insane asylums that is institutionally dealing with them and not just allowing them to go to soup kitchens and live on the streets. but institutionally warehousing them and protecting society from them and protecting them from themselves. The fact that we're not willing to do that and we haven't been willing to do that for some 50 years, that's the issue. Now, you can talk about like blacks are not us and they're more prone to crime and we don't like them anyway. You know, you can say all that, but like in the realm of the possible  That is something that we could just easily do right now. Like imagine what we spend now on just taking care of the homeless, like assigning a social worker to like two or three homeless people in New York City. That's almost their full time job is managing them like. Think of using all of that money in some place in, say, the middle of the country that has, like, a lot of green fields where they can play and roam and just literally, against their will, incarcerating them in a non-penal colony. They're not being punished. They simply are what they are.  And that is what you do with psychotics. There's no cure for being a psychopath. I don't know what to tell you. There's no cure for schizophrenia on the totally other end of the spectrum. You can't talk through schizophrenia.  You can't. And so isolating broader society from people who are mentally ill is the best thing to do as opposed to professional social work. Yeah, we do need to reopen the institutions, the mental institutions. And I'll never forgive. Who is that awful man that wrote that book? Yeah.  Thomas Sass. No, one flew over the cuckoo's nest, demonizing these places that were locking these crazy people up, all because, again, he's some guy, some conservative coded male who has... a problem with being told you know it's your bedtime and so he demonized the heroic karen nurse ratchet who is dealing with society's dregs so bravely and so selflessly and now this is where we're at we have no mental institutions we we we complain about the karens but we need to lock them back up in these places and clearly Also, the terrible blight in society known as the musical Annie, which demonized the orphanage through the straw man of Miss Hannigan, I believe is her name. I'm only half joking, actually, because I am about to speak up on behalf of orphanages as a infinitely better system than foster care and adoption in general. Um, there's a reason why these institutions were developed and we're now spending far more money than we ever spent on these institutions. Now that we've kind of like privatized them in some way, and we're getting far worse results just because we just demonize the notion of an insane, I mean, I get it. An insane asylum. That's like fodder for like, horror movies or like short stories like I understand I would not want to visit one and I'm sure they're you know you're surrounded by crazy people and gothic architecture and weird psychiatrists who are I get how gothic that image is but what that As flawed as these institutions are, they're infinitely better than like medicating schizophrenics who are homeless and assigning busy B social workers who have master's degrees to like integrate them into society or something like it's just better.  And yeah, I mean, we'll talk about this later. I'll sort of save it. But like, yeah, what's better, an institution that's regulated and that is professionalized  that is known as an orphanage? Or do you want to send someone to foster care or some sort of adoption agency where they are four and, in some estimates, 30 times more likely to be sexually abused? Which is better? An evil orphanage? Quick aside. Quick aside. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Milos Forman, and yes, he is.  No, Milos Forman directed the film. Kesey wrote the novel. Oh, Ken Kesey? Yeah. Yeah. I have not seen that movie, and I do like Jack Nicholson. I should see it just to sort of get at this issue that we're talking about.  I've defended nurse ratchet many times on the timeline. I think she was a brave, wonderful woman, selfless, selfless, beautiful soul, a sin eater, really protecting all of us. I agree. Isn't it better? Like for something that's really bad, isn't it better to professionalize that in terms of people dealing with this?  As opposed, you know, it's like, you know, you're crazy. Here are some drugs. Good luck. You know, like, isn't it better to say, right, this is this is an asylum where it's you're not being punished. This is not jail.  You are here to hang out. And you're going to have. Exactly. And I mean, I want to go now that I'm describing it. It's just, yeah. But you're not being punished. You are given a limited freedom. And we all have limited freedom in some way. We're all stuck behind walls in some way. Grow up. Get over it.  And you are no longer a danger to yourself. Yeah. Mental institutions are really the most compassionate option we have. But again, they started to be demonized in the 60s or so. And then by the 80s, I think under Reagan, he just got rid of all of them. Yeah. Privatized. Yeah. Thanks, conservatives. Yeah. A Play Called Italy.  Yeah, really quick, just a comment on the homelessness situation. I think it is interesting that this took place in, what was it, Charlotte, North Carolina, which is a city that, from what I've seen, has seen a pretty big demographic shift from Indians. I think a lot of Indians are moving out there to work in tech and stuff like that. And I also suspect, I mean, just from what I've noticed of... kind of the way San Francisco has changed over the years and the way the neighborhoods have changed. What I've noticed is it's like the neighborhoods that have like specifically higher Asian and Indian populations and these kind of transient, you know, this kind of transient professional tech class. They almost get, it's interesting. It's almost like the more crazy homeless people end up going there because the neighborhoods that are a little bit rougher around the edges, the people will kind of,  you know, they'll, they'll kick them out essentially. Like they'll, they won't, they won't put up with their shit as much. Whereas like the more kind of, I don't know, South of market, like certain neighbor, Hayes Valley, like certain neighborhoods that have, like I said, this kind of this like film of this kind of like tech transient kind of tech class, a lot of Indians and Asians living there. They're very tame and they don't, you know, they don't have Karens essentially. They don't, they don't police their neighborhoods. And so if they see some like whacked out homeless person who's,  who's clearly gonna get violent, a lot of times they just won't do anything. They'll just kind of act like they're invisible. And I think that it's interesting that this incident took place in a city that is becoming a lot more Indian in terms of what I've seen with the demographic shifts. And then one more thing I was gonna say too about you know, this conservative solution of just kind of always, you know, moving the next exit down the highway. I always think about this with the Roboven, you know, remember Elon's Roboven that he was rolling out or the Robo. Yeah. Yeah. Roboven or Robo van. Yeah. I mean, like what, like, and I remember we talked about this a while back with like, well, why not just, why not just take a light rail? Right. Or whatever. And the reason, yeah, the reason is that people don't want to take light rails because,  shit like this happens on light rails and trains and subways and buses. And, you know, so the Roboven, right, it's like, you know, they're rolling it out like, oh, wow, it's like this high tech. It's like, it's not high tech. All it is is like, it proves that you're not a homeless schizophrenic who can like get a QR code on their phone and like tap something to like get access to the Robo van.  That's it. So it's just like a homeless schizophrenic proof light rail. That's all it is. Like, this is not an innovation. The problem is, is that these cities, yeah, like you said, they're just full of like, know not not the whole city but like a lot of these cities yeah they have problems with you know homeless schizophrenics wandering around with nowhere to go and the society does not have the will to restrain these people against their will and so they end up just wandering around and then you know everyone one in a million will end up stabbing somebody and killing them yeah and you know but like the idea that like you know these conservatives are in like elon are innovating this  like the robo van. It's like, this is not an innovation. They're coming up with a conservative loophole. Yeah, exactly. And they're coming up with a million dollar solution to like a $10 question. You know what I mean? They're like creating this elaborate digital, digitally embedded public transportation to something that we solved like 200 years ago, which is just the rail. Yeah.  And it's just frustrating beyond belief that they can't do these kinds of things. And it's like, yeah, yeah. But I think you're right to point out that in many ways, this is a response to the fact that we haven't offered serious mental health asylum to crazy people who are always going to be with us.  We're never going to, I don't know. Is Elon, he even talked about this with his Neuralink. He's going to solve schizophrenia. It's just absurd. But again, you're just avoiding the $10 solution and you're coming up with this pie in the sky gazillion dollar solution. It's just insane. And infuriating.  We just don't have the will. And it's like a conspiracy between the woke and conservatives that we don't have these institutions like insane asylums, like orphanages, like public transportation that make. Life worse for just normal people. Much worse. Leads to 40,000 people dying in car crashes. Now, that would happen just to some degree anyway, but a large percentage of those are just merely the result that there isn't public transportation. And now we have an authoritarian society with Donald Trump, and yet we're still not going to get this stuff.  It's like, what's the point of fascism if you don't make the trains run on time? I thought that was like the definition of fascism, right? What are we doing here? At least give us high speed rail. Exactly. I mean, I all. Yeah. But again, it's it's because it's a problem of thinking and not really a problem of thinking. Status in the sense of it's a problem the way you see the world and the way you think it's not really a problem of like Are you now dictator? know you can trump can become dictator he might very well i'm sort of like a resistance lib i i'm i wonder whether sending the feds to chicago and etc is is not just this like grab for power or there are no more elections or whatever i don't believe in the value of democracy anyway so i don't i'm not that upset about it but like  Even if you become dictator, you're still a retard conservative. It just doesn't matter. Now you're more efficient at being dumb. BH? Yeah, a lot of these issues, like crime and like the issue of having all these paranoid schizophrenics running around on the streets, they are easily solvable. And you see a lot of people on the right wing that, you know, they propose, you know, the very simple answer, sending the military in, putting, locking these people up in institutions. And while that might be easy to do, the biggest problem is that 50% of the country is just too squeamish for that. 50% of the country cannot handle that. Even among moderate conservatives, moderate right-wingers, they will all simply just not  they won't stand for it. They'll say it's too harsh, and especially with Trump. I mean Trump's never going to  Trump's never going to have the stomach for that. Yeah.  People just won't stand for it. So that's why it probably won't ever happen, in my opinion. Well, to go back to an earlier theme, I mean, I think it might happen, actually. I'm sort of on this side of resistance libs, but I guess it's a deeper issue because it's like if you're sending in the National Guard, something has gone wrong to begin with. And if you're not going to really address what has gone wrong with our society, then what is the point of forcing, you know, something to happen? It's like, I don't know. Are you going to hold a gun up to a 13-year-old and say, like, do your fucking homework, you know? Isn't the fact that you need to do something that grotesque an expression of some bigger problem that maybe this teenager is mentally ill? Maybe he's bored with the way that he is being taught and he's not being inspired. um uh uh maybe he is smoking dope uh and not going to class and thus he's turned himself into a moron and he can't do the homework like you've got to solve the problem and right wingers just get hard on hards on they get  You know, like cul-de-sac, it's, you know, coles de sac, it's not cul-de-sacs. Yes, they get hards on, not hard ons. It's a very important grammatical rule. But they get hard hearts on for the look of some guy in military fatigue pointing a gun at some Mexican in Home Depot. And it's like, how did we get here? Let's solve the problem. An authoritarian solution to a simply resolved issue is stupid. Yeah.  Brendan? Are you ready, Brendan? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm at McDonald's, but yes, how are you? Oh, good. How is the McGriddle? McGriddle, I'm trying the new, it's called a the golden mcrispie so you know trump wow this yeah we really do live in a in a golden age as trump said it is it is i'm doing it to honor donald trump is it like a honey mayonnaise or something the golden mcrispie the golden mcrispie wow golden um  I take back all my criticisms of this country. This is it. We are living in utopia. As long as there's a McDonald's on Earth, America still exists. Even if we get wiped off the map. The idea of America would still exist. If there was a McDonald's somewhere. The Planet of the Apes, the way it ended was Statue of Liberty. Her head was on the beach, but it really would be the golden arches washed up.  He would be on his knees crying about the death of the last march. I do think it's kind of embarrassing going back to what's happening in Chicago. I wonder what Fuentes thinks about it. He lives there. He's seeing Trump send troops to invade his city. I'm sure he thinks it's ridiculous, but I...  I don't know what he thinks. I feel like the criticism I hear from that sphere is more in the line of Trump's not deporting enough people. It's sort of like it's not hardcore enough or something. But from what I can see, I think it's pretty dramatic on television at the very least.  think it is quite hardcore. I mean, we've seen actually a drop in the population for the first time in certainly my lifetime. I think it's probably the biggest drop in the population since maybe even 100 years. We actually had net negative population growth after the 24 Act. Yeah, go on. I think the liberals, I'm starting to think maybe they wanted Trump to be president both times because he  Maybe he's doing things that they themselves would get destroyed electorally for doing. I'm starting to think that they just want someone dumber than them to do it, but they still really want it. Maybe they want mass deportations. Maybe they wanted Iran to get bombed, and they just wanted everything that's happened in the last 10 years. Maybe they just wanted it, and they just decided, we're just going to nominate these two women, have them lose, and then let the Republicans do all this stuff, and we can just pretend to whine about it and complain about it.  I can sort of believe that about Iran. Yeah. Because they, they are higher IQ. They're supposed to be in charge and they're not. And I'm thinking either they, um, which I call the liberal question because there's a Christian, the Jewish question, the Christian question, and then there's the liberal question. Like what is, what does it mean to be a post-World War II liberal when, when this like clown that never goes away, it's like Stephen King's, it's like Pennywise, this orange clown. He just keeps like taking a wrecking ball to America. When all, all he ever did was just host a TV show and, and it's this easy for him to do it. If anyone else did it, they wouldn't, they would have been tossed in prison. So it just seems like there's some sort of like psychological thing going on here. Yeah. I don't know. What does it mean by America that we elected this guy? Yeah.  And then they assume that there's going to be like a race in 2028 between Newsom and Vance. I don't see that. I think Trump's running for a third term. Because he's like not, he doesn't think the same as other people. That's why J6 happened. That's why he did a phone call to steal votes in Georgia, called it a perfect phone call. He calls every phone call a perfect phone call.  I just think Democrats are in denial about his psychology. I do think he will try that he is running for a third term. That's why he has a gift shop in the White House. Don't even know if that's legal, but he has 2028 hats in there. And Newsom talked about it. Well, are they going to do anything about it? Or are they just going to continue to roll over? I mean, I think that's the question.  At this point, I'm at it. By doing something about it, I do mean actual physical action. They didn't drag him out of the White House after J6. Are they going to drag him out if he decides to run again and comes up with some constitutional loophole or whatever? I don't know if they have the balls. I just don't think they do. Democrats are going to be J6'd by their own voters eventually. That's my prediction. That's... that's not if Trump sends them to like alligator Alcatraz first or El Salvador, but either way, I don't, I'm at the point where I don't care what happens to, to the democratic party. Um, like, well, they've got to show balls or, or not. Like I, I want to see them do something. Yeah. I, I think, um, I don't know. I think it's going to be more, more groups like the people in Australia with that group.  led by Thomas Sowell, NSN, White Australia. It's going to be more like that. The groups, just people doing their own thing on the right and on the left. But the economy is crashing too. I wonder, it is really going down bad. Every time now I pull up the news, the numbers, the jobs numbers and the growth of the economy, Trump actually screwed it up. And Congress is letting him do it. They can take back the power whenever they want.  But the whole government is delegitimized. So I just think... I'm actually glad they did this. They can all be wiped out now by like Stalin or Mao Zedong or another Hitler. They have created a situation where the whole government could just be taken out by a real leader in the next 20 years. So the way I'm grateful. I don't know. It's hard to predict the future. What would you say is happening for...  What do you think 2028 will be like? I think Trump's health issues are serious, but I think you're spot on that deep in his psychology is never giving up something that he owns. And he feels like he owns the White House. He didn't want to give it up in 2021. Why is he going to give it up in three years? Yeah.  And I think we're going to know about this soon. We're a year away from the midterms. And post midterms, it's 2028, basically. And he's going to have to get out in front of this. He announced his re-election bid in 2022 pretty quickly. So we'll see. Yeah, I think you're... generally right on i don't think it's in his psychology to let go and maybe that will create some issue with vance vance vance i don't know if trump like if trump wants a third term he's gonna tell vance to help him like he did with mike pence and if he doesn't i think vance knows what's gonna happen so and look what happened to mike pence as well he doesn't have a career anymore he just tweets now  He just tweets about true conservatism. Nobody cares about him. Yeah. He got as many votes as Trump, and now he's, yeah, he has nothing. But Trump, the Democrats have been saying for years, Trump is finally done. He's finally going senile. He has, if he has his father's genetics, he has eight to ten years left of lucidity, which means he can be tried for crimes after a second term. And I think Democrats... will continue to try to do that and then if he does die at 96 that would be 2041 or 2042 so he's like he's on a he is a boomer actually he was born in 46 he's like an old boomer and they just won't go away a sense of a boomer so he's not going away he's quite young as putin and and uh he were saying like people in their 70s they don't want to die they're just  They're caught in a hot mic talking about they want to live to 150 now. They want to rule Russia and China for another 70 years. They have a fear of death. Trump's going to have another decade of being sharp, unlike Biden. So the Democrats need to accept that. Trump has good genes. They're dealing with a healthy person. He might die from fast food. I'm competing with him to see who dies first from McDonald's, but...  I think I have a better chance because I'm 26. I don't think Democrats should just sit around and wait for him to eat the last burger, like the last supper, the final meal. Maybe they can poison his food, but I don't think they should just keep waiting. They got to remove him somehow. Yeah, and they're not willing to let the rubber hit the road, put the pedal to the metal. I mean, that's the problem. But anyway, let's do this.  I did want to talk about the adoption issue. And this is something that I don't think I've ever talked seriously about this. A while ago in 2020, I sort of flirted with it with Amy Coney Barrett and her really bizarre adoption issue. actions where she brought over two people from Haiti and for for apparently Christian purposes and I and I was sort of floating some of these ideas but I would like to talk about it really on a serious level and I would say just to the long story short about of it I don't think I've ever articulated this before but I am against adoption outside of some traditional circumstances of say your brother dies and you adopt his kids, uh, some sort of, uh, bringing the family together, or the way that adoption worked in the past, worked in the Bible, of course, is that you are sort of obliged to take care of the children of your siblings or close relatives, etc. I certainly don't oppose it in those circumstances, and I think it makes a lot of sense. But the multi-billion dollar adoption industry that we have right now, the multi-billion dollar foster care industry that we have right now, I really think is an abomination. And it is lionized by so many people like these parents that adopt children are heroes.  And so on. And it's just this wonderful thing. The more I think about it and the more deeply I think about it, I think it's a quite terrible thing all around. And there are many anecdotes. There's a lot of anecdotal evidence that suggests this, but I think there's also a lot of big picture evidence.  reasons to oppose adoption. And I think there's some sort of evolutionary reasons to oppose adoption. A lot of people like to attack, you know, like... how could you give up a child or how could, um, how could you bring a child into this world without being prepared? You know, and that's a sort of pathology. Well, okay. You can make some criticisms there, but what is the pathology of Amy Barrett? What is the pathology of people demanding to raise other people's children? Um, That's the pathology that is driving this industry, and that's the pathology that I think we really need to look into. These are just some basic statistics that I was doing research with. So between five to seven million Americans are adoptees.  About 1.5 million us children are currently adopted and that's 2% of all children. So this is not It's not huge Interestingly it  It actually has gone down. So the early to mid 20th century, there was rapid growth and then that leveled off. And I think there's some clear historical reasons for why this had has happened. So early to mid 20th century, this is right after the Second World War, national totals climbed from 50,000 adoptions in 1944 to 175,000 adoptions in 1970. Now, keep in mind, in 1970,  What was the population of the United States? 100 million or thereabout? 150 million? Much smaller. Yeah. So this is happening within that context. There was basically this baby scooping era...  of the 1950s through the 1960s. Now, in the 70s, 80s, there was broad decline. After 1970, totals fell. 1986, the annual count was 104,000. Now, keep in mind, that's with a growing population. 1990s and 2010s, it fell to moderate levels. There was a slight uptick, excuse me, and then a plateau to where we are.  It's also interesting just to look at the sort of money involved in all of this. I have heard... There are adoption agencies, and they clearly have incentives to entice women to give up their children. And I've heard different numbers. The one that I've basically heard is between $30,000 and $60,000 in which rich parents pay some sort of adoption agency. They can do that internationally as...  Our Supreme Court justice did. They can do that domestically. But basically, the demand is outstripping the supply. And the demand is for young, young children, much as it is with dogs. You're more likely to adopt a young puppy. I don't know if you're afraid that the dog of five years old might not bond with you, or you might...  die sooner than a puppy. He might not like you, whereas a puppy is yours. That same sort of mentality exists with children. And we basically have created a system where a lot of older children are in foster care. So as of physical year 2023, approximately 343,000 children were in the US foster care system.  This actually peaked in 2017 with over 400,000. And if you look at the amount of money, it is totally insane. So...  Basically, child welfare services, the estimated total is $30.5 billion. A federal, so this is Title IV, so this is over a multi-year period, foster care funding is $68 billion to $70 billion. AFC, overall children and family funding, this is $50 billion. So...  All I'm saying is that there is a massive amount of money in these systems. If you see these foster parents, you know, lionized in movies. I remember the last Shazam movie. There was, you know, oh, he's a kid of foster parents or whatever. With my son, we watched, I think it was Angels in the Outfield that also lionized these good-hearted foster care people. Keep in mind, there probably are some good people in foster care, but keep in mind, you are getting reimbursed by the state. And yes, you're not going to become a millionaire doing this, but there is just clearly a perverse incentive to bring in more children to your foster home because you will get paid by the state government and child services to do this.  So there is an incentive to do it. There's a perverse incentive to do it. And the problem is, as well, the estimates that I was getting when I was actually using ChatGPT for some of this, but...  It was giving me sources that I was checking. The estimates are pretty horrific in terms of going into foster care. You are likely three times more likely. And there was one estimate of 60 times more likely to be abused in foster care than you would be in a home. Now. that of course that's actuarial actuarial and we're looking at averages and so on might there be some terrible instance where a young person is being abused by their parents and you need to get them out of there and the foster care is a better solution i understand that on a on an individual basis I'm not questioning that, but from a bird's eye view, on an actuarial basis, taking a child out of a home and putting him into foster care is like taking him from the frying pan and throwing him into a fire. On an average basis, that foster care situation is more dangerous.  Now, again, I don't want to engage in fallacious reasoning. If a child is being abused seriously by his father, get him out of there. I don't have objection to that. But where he goes is really the question. Someone wanted to jump in here?  I was just going to mention that that movie, The Blind Side, did a lot for lionizing adoption. And it turns out that that football player then tried to extort that family for $15 million, claiming that they had cut him out of the proceeds of the film. And I was just wondering if you think that's sort of a common going on where this child eventually grows up to resent these things. foster parents or these adopted parents as you know maybe being in it for themselves or i because personally i think a lot of these christian people are doing it out of like a christian ethic or a morality you know that maybe there is a perverse incentive and some of them are doing it for the money i think a lot of them really are like honest about  I think a lot of foster parents are doing it for the money, to be brutally frank. I think there might have been a little incentive in there, in that family that was written about by Michael Lewis.  This giant black guy, is he going to become an NFL player? There's at least a sort of self-righteous impulse of like, we're going to be the best people on the street, the most moral on the street. We've adopted this black person and he's good at football to boot. So we can have our cake and eat it too. Again, I think people want to jump on someone who's, say, drug addicted, who gives up her child. It's a very sad case, and they want to jump on that pathology. And they don't want to jump on the pathology of these people who are going to be spending...  $50,000 to raise someone else's child, sometimes raise a child of another race. I mean, what is going on there? Let's look at that pathology and not the woman who's had a lot of bad luck and is hard up. We can watch some of these videos. Rolo, I don't know if you want to jump in first off.  Yeah, I just wanted to say, like, I have some experience with the foster care system. And I would say that basically everything you're saying is correct. And it's also, you know, some reservations that I've had as well. Mm-hmm. Were you raised in foster care? Or do you know someone? I spent a very brief in foster care. So I was, you know, I was...  very lucky, all things considered. It was kind of a sort of accidental situation. But from what I can remember, yeah, people are clearly taking kids in for the money. They say that they're doing it from the kindness of their heart, but it's hard to sort of separate the monetary incentive. I would just add, you know, another, and this kind of ties in with the adoption issue, which experience with the foster care also made me sour on adoption, because it's kind of tied together. But the thing with the foster care family is that they really treat it as like a family. But at the same time, these are people who you're sort of thrown together with due to court order the state stuff like that so they're not you know sort of employees of the state um but at the same time they're not really your family so you can't regulate them yes this is exactly what i was getting at so right  Well, okay, well, I'll start going. I mean, look at, you know, I just talked about that trajectory. There are of the baby scooping era being 1945 through 1970, and then it declining in the 70s. Okay, what's happening here? So...  All of this occurred after the Second World War. And I guess you could say this was an almost a late aspect of progressivism is that they didn't like the notion of orphanages and orphanages were being demeaned like insane asylums and popular culture, et cetera.  There was also a moral self-righteousness in the 1950s about it's better to be in a family. A single mother, that's terrible. Now, were they thinking like this in the height of the Depression and the Dust Bowl? I think they were probably... different social norms once people have a lot more wealth and they feel on top of the world which america was they become a little more uppity and self-righteous at least for a time before they become decadent of course and so it was this notion of you know there's nothing worse than a single mother you know this person needs to be in a home well that's a home of people who are not related to that child by blood  And I'm just saying this as a father, like your kids drive you fucking crazy a lot of the time. Like anyone who says like it's just a bundle of joy to parent, they don't know what it's like when a, you know, seven year old is endlessly asking you questions and you're like, oh, you know, making demand. It can be very hard. And why you do it at the end of the day and why you love them, a big, big reason is that they are blood related to you. They continue you. You owe them everything. It's part of this long line that you are participating in.  Otherwise, I don't know how you could put up with them. I mean, if you've ever, I mean, again, I'm being brutally honest here, but like sometimes there'll be other kids that will like come up to me and start asking me questions like my kids do or making demands. And you're like, yeah, I'm not talking to you. I'm sorry. And I know I'm not bad.  buying you candy also. I mean, I'm sorry, but I'm just not doing that. You invest in yourself, obviously, and you invest in your children in ways that you would never conceivably invest in other people. And yet we think adoption is a good idea. And yes, adoption like abuse rates, incest rates, et cetera, are higher when you're not dealing with blood relatives. you it's just obvious if you have any sense of evolutionary theory which of course people in the 1950s did but instead they they want to moralize and um sort of overestimate the family like the family in itself the family disconnected from blood is some inherently special thing and it's magic and  As opposed to understanding that the family is based on the notion of blood. And I don't think it's ideal, but maybe in many circumstances, that young child should be with his or her mom. As flawed as that mom is.  That that is better than uprooting him and putting him with strangers. And this is not even to delve into the interracial quality of this, where, yeah, you're going to create Colin Kaepernick. Not that Colin Kaepernick is even that bad. Whatever. He's just a kind of leftist or whatever. But you get my point. I remember seeing this with Colin Kaepernick. I remember seeing this with Aaron Judge, who...  right-handed slugger for the New York Yankees, who has turned out very well adjusted To give him total credit, he seems like a very good guy, and he is obviously a great baseball player. He said he went through trauma when he sort of got it in his mind that his parents aren't him. He doesn't look like his parents. What is he doing? Was he kidnapped?  Or is he an alien? Are they aliens? What does it all mean? We don't understand. All of those natural things he had to deal with. Now, he's dealt with them very well, but...  Most haven't. And the prevalence of adoptees engaging, ending up in jail, engaging in suicide, having some unnecessary trauma in their life is significantly, we're talking 10 times higher than it is among children who are raised by their own parents. And yet we're choosing to do this I mean, people talk about, oh, I need to sever my son's genitals because if he doesn't get trans surgery, he's twice as likely to commit suicide or something.  I mean, all of that is dubious to begin with. But no one talks about the fact that an adoptee is three to four times more likely to have psychological trauma and suicidal ideation than someone raised by his own parents. Yet no one talks about this. No one's like, never put him into adoption. That's a major threat to his mental health and  Life outcome? No. Instead, oh, what heroes? Amy Comey Barrett, your children from Haiti. It's just this, it is so Christian on so many levels. I mean, you can't get away from it. But like the idea that a Haitian is your child and that Haitian has equal rights to your blood kin, that is insane. and like and i think i'll give our for this maybe she doesn't want credit for this comment but it's like just imagine yourself in some extreme situation and your haitian adoptee you your boat tips over and you're in the ocean and your haitian adoptee and your blood ken are both drowning whom are you going to save  Everyone knows the answer to that question. And I don't even want to say it because it's very rude to even talk about. But everyone knows the answer to that question. RJ, you can jump in. I just wanted to say that I come from a family that had two sisters that were adopted by the foster care system, actually. So it's both. And it is just absolutely incredible how much fraud there is in that system.  Oh, wow. Because I don't know if all of them work this way because I do believe they are all run by the respective states. It's not a federal program. But for instance, in California, there was a monthly set stipend for each foster care child that you have. So basically, no matter...  how much or how little you spend on them. And you don't need to provide any of this. You don't need to provide any of this documentation. For every single foster care child, you receive a set pretty large monthly stipend. I don't remember exactly how much it was because I was younger, but it was close to $1,000 per child. And so as a result of that, you know you have you had there was it was ridiculous how many people that we met through the this whole process who were just you know they had like eight foster kids because they were just raking in the cash each month and of course yeah they live in the hovel and the kids are marginally better than they would have been in terms of material comfort with their whatever drug adult parents or what have you that was most often the case so it's it is rife with fraud and it's a it's just probably the worst possible way to attack this issue of orphans yeah i mean think about that you you rake in you're you're in some terrible place you're raking in 10 grand you're feeding them ramen noodles and candy and beef jerky or whatever and you're profiting by this enterprise and yeah most people won't do that and i'm sure there are like genuine people who become foster parents for the love of it and they are probably just to be totally fair here they probably are improving the lives of these children but you've the state has created this incentive to abuse and it's hard not to  And again, everyone looks at that with like welfare. If you pay someone a thousand dollars a month, like why work? You know, if you can't earn more than that, then there is just simply no incentive to work. And with foster parents, like if if what you're going to do is work at Walmart.  You're not going to earn eight. Well, maybe it was a manager. If you're just a low level person, you're not going to earn eight grand a month at Walmart. So why even try to work at Walmart? Just rake in the money and feed them ramen. A lot of them are barely more functioning than the parents that they've been taken from. It's just that they're, I don't know, a little bit more. uh devious yeah devious to be honest yeah but yeah they're usually kind of poor and a little bit trashier and not as functioning themselves um and now it's just a family that they're not related to there's no blood relation um there's not as much an incentive um  It doesn't feel the same, obviously. And that's traumatizing to not grow up with your own people. And I can imagine these... The foster care system seems so confusing for kids because it's like you're told... this is your family in a sense and like you're living with them and in their house in a private situation as if it's family but it's not your family you want to get out that's like i want to find my forever family or something so you're you're you're told that this is your family but also you yeah one day you might hopefully leave right because these nice people will randomly select you or something the older you get the less likely it is yeah it's just That seems so much more psychologically damaging even than just being in like, yeah, like an orphanage where it's like, you know that that's not supposed to be. There's no pretense there. This is your family and you're in a private home and you're away from the eye of the state, but also they're being, you know, it's not really regulated, but then they're being paid by the government and it's a profit incentive. It's just everything about it just seems... wrong well also think of what you can do with 60 billion dollars like yes we're already spending this money like think of the institutions in every single state that the federal government um basically collecting that money from the states and doing one single program you you could have these amazing institutions with professionals whom you could regulate so they they want to pocket nine out of the ten grand and spend a thousand dollars on a bunch of ramen for 10 kids and cokes and whatever no you're not going to do that actually we're they're going to have a square meal three times a day and they're also like they're gonna like some kids go to drama class uh we have this sports facility for the other kids like it you could do it with half of that amount of money you could create just incredible institutions i i this is sort of anecdotal but like you know babe ruth grew up in a catholic orphanage And one of the reasons why he was so, he obviously was talented, but one of the reasons is that the priests were constantly playing baseball with these boys. They were just amazing.  Outside, constantly playing baseball. And he was obviously the best and a legend. But like you see these institutions in the past that were not inhumane or evil and sadistic, but were actually incredibly helpful to the development of young people, if not ideal. And like, yeah, there could, you could basically treat it as almost like a public school and have all these activities for people. And yes, that is better, clearly infinitely better than the foster care system. And yet we're terrified of doing that because we all watched Annie. Yeah.  Well, yeah, we vilify anything like publicly done now. And we, we worship the nuclear family to a degree that it's just not worthy of. Um, to the point where we were giving kids basically a fake one where they're being paid to be there. And that's somehow better than the state taking care of kids. Um, and yeah, it's just, it's ridiculous. It's also just, there's a lot of like denial of kind of genetics and genes and blood in, uh,  in these conservative-minded circles. They think that it's the nuclear family itself that produces good results, but that's not really the whole story. So again, it's produced this worship of this thing and this villainization of state services or just being raised in a group setting like that. It's not actually that bad no and what we've done is we've we're still spending the money but we we don't have the institution it's a demonization of institutions and not state services so we're spending billions on all these services and we're just like doling out  welfare checks or subsidizing a foster care or something. And we're not just building the real thing. Right. It's like how we're doing healthcare. It's like semi-private, semi-public. It's the worst of both worlds. Yeah.  It just seems to be the thing that just ruins everything. It makes the incentives perverse. It brings in bad actors. It brings in rent seekers. It's just the worst possible way to do it. And yet we keep insisting on running so much, I guess, of our state services in this way. Yeah, absolutely. I was looking up the book cover to It Takes a Family by Rick Santorum.  I remember talking about this a while ago. He was a senator from Pennsylvania. No, I remember Rick Santorum. Yeah. He wrote a book about... Well, there was a Hillary Clinton book called It Takes a Village. And his response was It Takes a Family. I remember... Just look at this book cover...  So, doesn't it... I mean, they're sort of like non-racial, but doesn't it...  almost look like a black man and an Italian gave birth to an Asian or something. It just gets to this idea of the family becomes the institution. And I get it. I'm not anti-family by any means, but the family unit needs other institutions. It takes a village. Hillary Clinton is correct. Yes, she is. Like you need, like we have roads and like the power company and just like public spirited things like parks and theaters and so on. Like that's what it's about. You don't exist in this autonomous, like isolated unit. You exist in the context.  We exist in, yeah, we live in a society. Yeah, exactly. Hillary is just right about this and so many other things. And it's like also the family, I do agree that it's an institution of some kind, but it's like, it's an institution of blood.  Yes. And it doesn't exist outside of itself. Like, God didn't invent the idea of a family to produce a good society or something. It's like the family emerged from blood. And it is a compromise in some ways. Because... We're not, you know, totally our selected maniacs who are like impregnating everything in sight or something. No, we're saying, no, I'm going to impregnate you and no one else. And we're sort of keeping it contained and limited.  It is a social construct. It is an institution in that sense to some degree. But you can't get away from the fact that it's an institution of blood. And we need other institutions that are not institutions of blood. Like an orphanage. Like an insane asylum. Which is an institution of blood in another way. i mean that's i was just just praising insane asylum so i that was a bad joke it's not all sweeney todd but uh yeah it you understand what i'm saying you need institutions that aren't that aren't totally consensual and and totally about pled relative relatives that's very important for society to function and i just think conservatives just don't get this at all  No, because their retarded impulse is always just, I just want to be left alone. Do what I want. They don't want to be a part of a broader community, it seems. I don't know. They're very allergic to this. They seem to think that this is the road to communism and it's evil somehow. And I don't know how we've gotten to this point.  And we spend more money than we would if we were communists. Like we're spending more money on our screwed up healthcare system than if we just did socialize medicine. Yeah. We're spending more money on a multi-billion dollar foster care system as opposed to just having a damn orphanage. Yeah. Brendan, you want to jump in? Yeah, I just had a thought. I think it's interesting to note that the people who say  Loyalty to blood is, I don't know, is idol worship or is bad. Or the same people whose religion is based off of, like, drinking the blood of Christ. So they replace blood for blood. But even the foundation for their religion is about the blood of their God. So I don't think they should get to say what their opinion on blood preferences when they drink literal blood. sorry protestants but catholics are right it is literally his blood um even even before they even before they drink it um what kind of worldview is this where it's it is his blood but also you're not christian well it's because it's true like it was originally it was about worshiping alcohol and that is the blood of  At least the blood of Dionysus, yeah. Yeah, it is real. No, I'll admit that I think there's something primal about transubstantiation where it's just literally a sacrifice. We're eating his flesh and drinking his blood. There is something primitive and primal about that, whereas Episcopalians are like... in theory it's his blood the holy spirit he's with us in a presence and spirit but you know you know let's not get take this too literally it's not really saying that wine is literally jesus but retroactively it's that jesus is literally wine and it does affect the blood when people drink it immediately goes into their bloodstream and it was connected to the blood and somehow they intuitively knew that but i just think If their religion is literally based off changing their blood so they can feel the Holy Spirit, which is spirits, if they want to center the whole religion around communion, but then they want to criticize people for wanting to do blood and honor or blood and soil or blood worship in their own way, I just feel like that's a huge elephant in the room needs to be addressed whenever they bring that up.  Yeah, definitely. Well, let's look at this. I'll share my screen here. This is an interesting documentary. This also gets to the greed and pathology of these middle-class people who want to adopt children. Oh, here.  Tia Goins and her partner Dominique Stanley recently welcomed a baby girl. It's their first child, Tiana, whose photos blanket their Detroit apartment. I kind of find myself like feeling like she's here, but she's not here, you know? After Goins gave birth in 2018, she was in crisis, facing eviction and unable to find room in a shelter. Cold house. I had a whole three month old baby. Where do we possibly go? Desperate, she looked up adoption agencies and found Utah-based Brighter Adoptions. Hi.  My name is Sandy Quick. I am the owner, founder and director of Brighter Adoptions. We are a representative for Brighter Adoptions offered Defy Goins from Michigan all the way to Utah and said that they pay her cash after she gave up her child. Online, Sandy Quick's agency, like many in Utah, offers housing and cash stipends targeting struggling, expecting mothers across the country. Quick has said that over 95% of her birth mothers come from out of state. The lady just kept calling, kept calling, you know, we're pushing for time, you know, this is what she want to do, this is what she want to do. So in my head, it's like, okay, winter is coming around. I don't want to be outside with her. Now facing homelessness, Goins and her three-month-old baby, on the same day they were evicted, boarded a flight to Utah, paid for by Brighter Adoptions. The babies that adoptive parents most want to adopt are a rare commodity. There's actually an acronym for it, AYAP, as young as possible. Melinda Seymour, a law professor at Texas A&M who studies adoption, estimates there are as many as 2 million hopeful adoptive parents competing for just 20,000 newborns every year. Just moving her away from her support system is a great way to make a birth mother feel isolated and alone and helpless.  All of which are a great mindset for the adoption agency to get a consent form. Each state regulates adoption differently. States like New York and California give birth mothers 30 days after signing adoption papers to reconsider their decision. But states that are known as adoption friendly, like Utah, expedite the process by, for example, making adoption irreversible as soon as the birth mother signs. When states decide that they are going to be adoption friendly, they're trying to make adoptions as quick as possible, as inexpensive as possible, as soon as possible. As a result of these laws, a cottage industry has emerged to fly in potential birth mothers to adoption friendly states and charge a premium to adoptive parents. There's a lot of money to be had in adoption and money can trump everything. Christine Watkins, a Utah State representative, tried and failed to pass adoption reform to protect birth parents. So many people's understanding of adoption is just this beautiful benevolent thing. And of course it can be that, but people don't necessarily think about it as an industry. It is an industry, yeah. Basically because the state allows it. We don't have any laws that prohibit it.  Over the past decade, dozens of states have introduced adoption-friendly legislation. Georgia, Kentucky, and Indiana have shortened the period during which a birth mother can change her mind. In Goenz's case, things were moving fast. Soon after landing in Utah, she met the people who wanted to adopt her daughter, a white couple from Mississippi. But immediately, she had second thoughts.  I text Sandy and tell her, like, you know, I'm kind of starting to change my mind a little bit. This might not be something I want to do. But the morning after, Brighter Adoption staff showed up at her hotel with the final paperwork. It all was just happening so fast. It's not something I wanted to do. Why are they still wanting me signed? Then I'm like, if I don't do this, where am I going to end up? The forms waived her rights to protections in Michigan, where Goins would have had up to five days to change her mind. So it was like, what do I do? What do I do? So I just, I just didn't want her to be homeless with me. Just two days after landing in Utah, Goins reluctantly signed her baby over to the adoptive parents. I didn't really hold her. I didn't really tell her goodbye.  I didn't kiss her. They didn't give me a chance to talk to her. So they just came and got her. On the way to the airport, Quick handed Goins $4,000 in cash. Quick said the money was for Goins' future expenses, but Goins wasn't expecting that much. And the whole process doesn't sit well with her. A lot of people say it's like you sold your baby. I did not sell my baby. I think I took  that people took advantage of me for my baby. Sandy Quick did not respond to multiple interview requests, but did send an email saying the agency makes sure that birth mothers fully understand the implications of adoption. She added, I am someone who ends up filling these gaps where our social safety nets fall short.  Now back home, Gowen said she immediately regretted her decision. But Michigan officials could do nothing to help, since the adoption was in Utah. If she'd been able to slow things down, she'd probably still have her child with her. SUSAN DUZA-GARE-Alexander is the clinical director at PACT, a California nonprofit that provides abortion, adoption, and parenting resources to pregnant women.  She says women in crisis become much more vulnerable in unfamiliar surroundings. The minute she said, I'm not sure that I want to do this, I'm not sure that I can do this, I mean, that should just call a full stop, full halt. Domestic private infant adoption in America toes that line of legalized trafficking anyway. It would be very easy to cross over that line. Ashley Mitchell is the director of Knee to Knee, which runs support groups for birth parents. Because the agencies are watching us,  We try and be as quick and discreet as possible. Her family spends some Sundays at the apartment complexes in Utah, where adoption agencies house birth mothers, passing out leaflets to ensure that the women know their rights. We want them to know that they have the right to change their minds, that they have the right to go home if they want to go home. I think we got them all. The professionals that fly the women here 100% count on them not knowing what's available to them. In confusion, there is profit. If you can move a birth mother to a different state and take advantage of more favorable laws for your client, why wouldn't you? Seymour, an adoptive parent herself, emphasizes the good that adoption can do if it's done ethically. I'm not anti-adoption by any stretch of the imagination. Adoption has a function to play for the benefit of children, and we are failing.  in that endeavor. She says Congress has done little to regulate adoption because it's been seen as a personal family matter rather than as an industry. If you classified adoption as commerce, then Congress would have the power to regulate it as it goes across state lines. Goins has not seen her daughter for more than six years, but she still regularly sends her packages. She doesn't know if her daughter receives them, but she keeps a record of the gifts so that one day her daughter will know she was thinking of her. For PBS NewsHour and the Center for Investigative Reporting, I'm Julia Lurie in Detroit.  I mean, obviously a Flawed, to say the least, woman who, you know, was homeless and whatever, but she's still sending little gifts to her children. And just look at that woman. What was her name? Sandra Quick or something. Just this, like, little too cutesy hairstyle. She's going to these middle class people and... Yeah, they're no doubt spending like 50 grand to get a kid and then she's creating a kind of breeding farm. Give them cash at the airport. I mean, I don't know this. It's a bit stomach turning. White human trafficking.  Exactly. They are just creating an industry to sell babies. And, yeah, flying women out there to a state where the laws are in favor of the adoptive parents. Yeah.  It's just all very insidious. And it doesn't surprise me at all that it's these very red states that are, quote, adoption friendly. The idea that you can you just sign away in Utah and it's broken right then you're. your ties to your child and you don't have any sort of time after that to reconsider is pretty crazy to me. Especially when a lot of these adoptions are happening with these children as babies. So your postpartum  It's already a very stressful time. You might not be thinking the same a month from now. You're in a very vulnerable place. So it's all very insidious. You're not offering the children the breast milk that they need that's...  you know, amazingly catered to just them. You know, the mother's breast and the child, it's perfectly suited and the child's not getting that or like the skin contact, which is also very important. I mean, just all these things are missing. Also, I mean, again, I don't know what's going to happen with that young black woman, but let's say you're... uh really in bad luck and you're totally broke you might be homeless and you give up your child to an orphanage where it can be regulated they have professionals there to make sure the child is is okay and maybe five years later you're in a different position and you're ready to reunite with your child that's possible Whereas this middle class Mormon family in Salt Lake City, I mean, understandably, I mean, they're not going to want you reconnecting with your child. That's going to create even more possibly, or at least from their perspective, even more turmoil.  And yeah, I think this whole industry is sick. It's based on pathology and should be ended. Just imagine that this is your business. I mean, just... It's creepy. Yeah. The whole basis is just wrong, too. It's clearly about... uh making these adoptive parents have their dreams of parenthood come true which is creating a again a demand so then they have to create the supply of kids because what was it it's it's two million parents looking for kids and only 20 000 available it's just crazy  Whereas it shouldn't be about making infertile couples parents. It's tragic that you're infertile and all, but you're not entitled to parenthood. No. Why can't you be an aunt? Go live near your sister. And I understand that not every problem can be solved, but go live near your sister and be a great aunt. What is wrong with that? yeah it's not you are directly connected with that child as opposed to someone you have no connection with yes that you've purchased from some impoverished desperate woman who might not feel that her decision was right a year from now um And yeah, it's not supposed to be about making couples who can't have kids be able to experience parenthood. It should be about this child literally has nowhere else to go. This is a last resort. But that's not what the incentive is, clearly. It's about these parents paying for a child. Paying poorer people for their children. Yeah. Yeah, it's it's just it's something I had not really thought about until you suggested that we talk about. And I I do feel that a lot of my opinions are preliminary, but I sort of got red pilled on this issue just recently. But I'm glad I thought about it because it's clearly important and needs to be addressed. And it's also just like in this like fractal like way, it's like one more  problem in our society that's emanating from the same rod and core. Yes. And these transracial adoptions in particular, these Christians, I find so... I don't know, just bizarre, like Amy Cohen Barrett, like you said, adopting these children from Haiti. At the very least, children should be adopted within their own family. And then if not, then their own community, at least their own country, their own ethnicity.  You have no connection to these children. And to make them grow up in a home where no one around them looks like them, I don't know how people can deny that that does something to you. I just think that you have to be so just removed from your own instincts or you're just purposely ignoring these things because it should just viscerally feel wrong to have a child be raised like that. I think they do it because it feels wrong, much like Donald Trump sleeps with his friends' wives because it's wrong. Like, because it is just sort of shocking to see that image of a Black child with white parents, that people are shocked, and then they start thinking about it, and then they start thinking just how morally virtuous that family must be. Mm-hmm.  I know this is anecdotal. She's so much better than me. She would adopt a black. I admire her. Yeah, exactly. She could not possibly be racist.  I understand it's an anecdote, but I do have like an older cousin who is this way. And she did like adopt the very brown Guatemalan child after having a son of her own, like coming close to death and childbirth. And like did, you know, affluent family and like, but very Christian ethic, very like Christian. you know no no roman nor greek nor jew like uh wanted like her son to have a brother in a sense and like despite like a lot of the family being like you know maybe this isn't the best thing like she she couldn't be dissuaded from it and uh  And it is very much this Christian ethic. It's that culture is downstream of religion, and that is a meme that is in her head that could not be pried away from her. Yeah. Well, also, there is that irony as well, or contradiction of there's no Roman, nor Greek, nor Jew, and all that kind of stuff. And then they're consciously fetishizing the black child. like they're going out of their way like clearly amy barrett supreme court justice went out of their way to bring back a child from from haiti or some of these celebrities like i forgot their names at the moment just you know angelina angelina's done it sandra but you know just holding up your black child like you you've made that choice In a sense, because within a Christian framework, this is the most benefit I can do for  because nobody is different, I can elevate this individual's  not station in life, but outlook of life. Instead of being a bean farmer, now he can go to a boarding school in the Northeast and  uh there's there's like a perverse uh incentive of like i can do more good for this guatemalan than i can do for an american or i could do for a european it always comes back to the christian question  That's what we found. I wonder what sex pushes it more for adoption. Do men want to adopt kids more or women? I wonder who's behind it in terms of... I would imagine women. Yeah. If it's ideological, though, would that come from at least the foundational reason for men or psychologically? Is it just women wanting to virtue signal somehow? And then their husband has to go along with it.  I don't think most adoptions are ideological. I think these transracial adoptions of these Catholic families are, but I think most of these adoptions are just infertile couples. They just really want to have a kid, and they can't have one on their own, and the woman's just more desperate to become a mother than the man is to become a father. It's kind of like an instinct. The woman might reach her mid-20s, and then she'll think like,  I want a baby, I want a baby. And I've heard this kind of like a thing where they just start thinking that and they won't stop. And that's kind of how they usually have kids. Yeah, they get a bit of baby fever. And I guess if they can't have it on their own, they become really desperate for someone's child. So I think that's more the usual adoption story.  Women are just more empathetic too, where a man is like, yeah, that's not my kid. Whatever happens, happens. Sorry, but that's not my fault or not my problem. Or a woman's empathy is more likely to push her to be like, oh, well, we can't just leave him out in the cold. Yeah.  Well, we did three hours. This is a great show. And yeah, Amalek, you wanted to jump in? Hey, what's up? Hey. Yeah, I just had a quick question. I didn't know if you saw this earlier, but Elon Musk just like 10 hours ago posted a screenshot of a post by a creator called Wyatt Stagg, who's a YouTuber who I'm not sure if you know who that is, but I highly recommend his videos. He basically uses like your and Mark's framework to analyze movies. And his latest video is going over the movie Gataga and how it relates to Jacob versus Esau and from a racial, um, moralization perspective.  In the description, he directly links to some of Mark's work for citation in the YouTube video. It's been a really popular video in our circles. And Elon Musk just, like, replied to that. Oh, I have seen. Okay, someone else mentioned Wyatt Stagg the other day. And I watched a few of his videos.  And yeah, I would say it's good. It is going after esoteric demoralization. That's true. I don't think it goes into nearly this sort of symbolic awareness that Mark has brought. But that's fascinating. Do you think that means that Elon is like... half a step removed from us or is he not even removed for us he's just he's just promoting someone who's like plausibly deniable i think he's definitely in like the sphere because he's also promoting now this guy is not like you know us or anything like that but that what if altus guy that uh rugged guy or whatever i know yeah but so he's in the sphere of what i would call like the you know the weird section of youtube i'll just call it just for the sake of what we're talking about here  So I thought that was interesting. Yeah, I think the Gattaca video was the most direct one kind of compared to your work or whatever. So overall, it's good stuff. But the Gattaca one is really, really. I'll go watch the Gattaca one because I have not watched that one. I haven't seen that movie in like 25 years, so I don't even know what I'll think about it.  If I can throw something in there as well. I watched Gattaca after watching his analysis and there's definitely more rim that I was able to pick out. Oh, and what was in his, you know, references to Christianity and other things as well. So I think that we should do a analysis of that video. i agree it was it's directly oh the who wrote it and stuff is very interesting too but yeah the uh the christian angle i totally agree with you when i re-watched it after watching why it's video i i it's like there's lots of things he missed yeah that's interesting written by andrew nickel as director or is it the writer yeah I don't remember the exact details, but he goes over the details of who made it in the video, and those were interesting. Okay, he wrote The Truman Show? Interesting. Oh. He wrote the... Oh, he did the story for The Terminal. Okay, The Terminal, 2004, The Terminal is a Spielberg movie. 100% gem. I've said this before.  I think this guy does gem actually. Gattaca very much is. I mean, there's just no way about it. It's not even, I don't think anybody could walk away from watching it under this perspective and not think it's not, it's definitely. Oh, well I haven't watched that in a while.  Yeah, you should definitely check it out. Maybe we'll do this. Okay, so Mark texted me last night, and he said that he can't do O Brother, Where Art Thou on Sunday because he's busy. And I was busy this past weekend. So maybe...  I don't think I'm stepping on Mark's toes. Maybe we'll just like throw in Gattaca and save the Coen brothers. Cause I want to do Oh Brother with Mark because Mark gets at details that I miss and it's just better. Cause, but I don't think you would object too much if we did a little excursion. I'll, I'll let, let me come up with this. Cool. And then I, I don't know if you've seen the Richard Carrier, uh,  recent news, have you seen any of this stuff? No, what happened with True Carrier? So he got his book, the second part of Jesus from Out of Space, a kickback from peer review, and they said it was because it was anti-Semitic. So he just did a video with Derek from MythVision. Adam's going over it right now on his show. We talked about it last night on my show. And in it, they even talk about how it might be even linked to national security since 30% or more of our Congress is believes this guy is real, right? So they're like getting very close To what we're talking about, I would say, and I was just curious what your initial thoughts on that were. Well, that doesn't surprise me. I mean, minimalism also was accused of. They definitely bring that up. He reads that. So while they go over that, they say, look, this is they call that anti-Semitic. One of the co-hosts, Aaron, brings up in his book and reads. They said the same thing about minimalism. Which is the Copenhagen School, which, according to Mark, you don't even have to agree with the Copenhagen School to understand REM theory. But I would suggest that I would be a little more strong about it. I think it is...  almost essential. But anyway, it's basically just a much, much later date of the Bible, not presuming any historical accuracy, but treating the Bible as a literary document and pushing the composition or compilation of the Bible up to 250, maybe 275 of the Hebrew Bible BC. That is basically the Hebrew Bible being compiled, not 200, uh long or not too long before the septuagint and the greek translation uh and all of this is coming in a hellenistic in the hellenistic period it's post-plato it's so you're almost looking at influences from a different direction it's very interesting but again you are undermining on the most basic level the legitimacy for the state of israel  Because it's not, people say the state of Israel is justified because of the Holocaust. That's obviously the chronology is wrong there. It was happening before the Holocaust. But it's not just the Holocaust. It's Moses. You know, that's what justifies Israel. If you undermine Moses, then these dominoes start to fall. and the importance of Israel in the wider American security state, then that comes into question. So I sort of understand what they're saying. I kind of understand what I'm saying when they're saying being anti-Zionist is anti-Semitic. I don't like that. And obviously, there are plenty of anti-Zionist Jews out there and so on. But I sort of get it. The Torah is about...  coming to the Holy Land. That's what it's about. I mean, you sort of are questioning Judaism by criticizing Israel. I get it. Are you undermining national security by adopting the theories of Richard Carrier? It's kind of hilarious to even suggest this, but there is a logic to it.  Because things are based on creed. I had a comment the other day that said, Jonathan Adler and Glenn Greenwald were competing for most self-hating Jew of the Year award. Jonathan Adler is the archaeologist who makes the same claims about the Hebrew Bible dating that you just made. Yeah. Anyway. All right, guys. Great show.  And I will talk to you all soon. We covered a lot. Baseball, Karens, adoption, Trump and Epstein. This is a great show. All right. I'll talk to you soon. Bye.