All right. Hello, everyone. Interesting day. There is supposed to be a White House press briefing at 2 p.m. Eastern Time or right now.  So it coincided with us going live. And the initial rumors were that Trump was going to address health claims or maybe just die at the podium, say there will be no other American president this whole place is going down with me and then just collapse before everyone creating mass chaos. I don't know. Uh, but then I, I saw these reports and I think this might even be here in the, um, in the breakdown, which is that this is actually something about moving space command from Colorado to Alabama, which was something that was proffered during the Biden administration. And now Trump is going to follow through with it.  Biden kept Space Command in Colorado. So is there some sort of rewarding of red states, punishing of blue states going on, perhaps? I also heard someone say this is going to be an announcement of a changing of the Department of Defense to the Department of War. Who knows? We'll see. uh we don't have anything yet but i i do want to listen to this in fact because i i think the health speculation is quite real i guess i'll stop sharing my screen um So Trump has, what is it, chronic venous insufficiency, which is a medical term for basically he has a lack of blood circulation. And this is creating this cankles issue that you'll often see with old people. It's...  Rather disturbing, but is not at least immediately life-threatening. There are the bruises on his hand, which I presume are related to this fundamental lack of blood circulation in his body. Some makeup was put on those as well. There are just all of these... curious, dubious things that have been happening recently with publishing photos of Trump at a golf course with John Gruden, the former NFL football coach who got into hot water when the NFL released emails in which he was... I think he said a black...  Defensive coordinator had lips like Michelin tires. I don't know, like possibly defensible racist comments about... his industry uh and then he actually began suing the nfl and i i don't i don't think the case is over but the the case seems to be moving forward on his behalf and i guess this is something like someone can correct me if i'm wrong here i guess it's it's something like tortious interference in the sense of  You're egregiously unnecessarily attacking someone to try to run him out of the league.  by releasing these emails. I don't know. Because I think the emails were about another investigation. I haven't looked into this story in a while. But anyway, I'm on a digression. Trump was golfing with John Gruden and both were looking fit. And that photo was from weeks ago. The photos that were taken by outside parties are a bit rough um trump has this almost downward blank stare and the gaping mouth basically irony upon ironies trump seems to be suffering from the same problems joe biden suffered from when he was an 80 year old president just a year ago uh the kind of depressed look that look that you get when you've been in bed all week because you caught a terrible flu but this is obviously something that's long term I I don't know what to say there's actually more I I can um I was gonna share a uh a Twitter thread on this that had some very interesting things  But I don't think the health scare discussion is out of bounds. The man's 80. And the way that health goes is that it's much more about falling off a cliff than suffering any sort of linear decline. That is, when you're in your 30s and 40s,  it sort of adds up. I've actually heard these things about you don't want to gain five pounds. Like if you get on the scale, you're like, oh, I gained five pounds this year. Well, it's not a big deal. It's not five pounds. Well, after 10 years, that's 50 pounds. After 20 years, that's 100 pounds and you're basically obese because it's kind of a linear decline. You're losing energy. Your testosterone levels are lower. Your brain might be totally fine for most all things, but you don't have quite that quickness or reaction time anymore. It's a slow linear decline. That's what happens in middle age and it happens to us all. But with older with old age, it's a sort of rapid cliff like fall where you are perfectly fine and you're playing bridge with your buddies at the golf course. And six months later, you're dead. And so, again, I just think from a really just like a bird's eye view of the situation, I don't think any  discussion of Donald Trump's health is out of bounds. Someone raised his hand. Yeah, Pax. Yeah, why don't you jump in while we're waiting for him to appear on stage. Go for it. On the day of the attempted assassination, we overheard Trump on the mic go, where are my shoes? Do you remember this? Yes. Yes.  Could the venous insufficiency be related to that? Because I imagine someone who's got swollen feet, it's going to be painful for them to walk on uneven terrain, especially if you're not indoors on an even surface. I mean, it's probably even hard for him to pronate his foot or just...  do anything without issues. So that could be why he was so particular about that. That's fascinating. I had not thought of that before. That was a very weird comment where before he said, fight, fight, fight, and he rose up like a lion, he was asking for his shoes, which was a bit pathetic and strange. I know when pedestrians are hit by cars, they are literally knocked out of their shoes. It's something you might not expect. There's just enough tread on the shoe to great friction, and you fly out of your sneakers. um i you know did something like that happen when the bullet flew by his head and hit his ear he it did that that strikes me as unlikely just looking at it obviously i'm hardly a professional in these matters but uh that that struck me as odd and then if we look now where they are fully admitting that he has chronic venous insufficiency that and this is the cause of the cankles then that would make a lot of sense uh particularly when it's hot you know when it's cold um it's funny when it's cold like a bracelet or your watch feels loose on your wrist when it's hot you have more blood flow and there's your watch bracelet or strap will feel tighter so he's out there in the hot sun in July of 2024 and suffering from a lack of blood circulation in his He basically pops up like a blimp or perhaps that poor little boy in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory who turned into an exploding blueberry. I think that the deal with having shoes is that whatever shoe a person that has insufficiency is wearing is enough compression to keep that limb from swelling. I think this is true when... I mean, we've probably seen older folks with diabetes socks or compression socks that keeps their...  that go up to the knee. I didn't even know about this, but I'll take your word for it. Yeah, that's interesting. Compression socks. Wow. Yeah, it's sometimes enough to keep blood flowing because from what I understand, insufficiency is different from chronic heart failure, which is one of the concerns. But I do think insufficiency is a different phenomenon where the actual valves... uh, in the veins of the leg are malfunctioning as opposed to having some sort of arterial damage, um, high up in the midsection. So just a lot of interesting thoughts I had just want to throw it out there. Yeah. I appreciate those. You seem to know more about this than I do. I, I don't, I don't think any of my grandparents suffered from this ailment. So I just don't really know about it, but,  what you say sounds sound. AA, do you want to jump in? Hey, Richard, can you hear me? Yes. All right. This reminded me, this episode with Trump's health, it reminded me of several criticisms people make of, you know,  Can we ever... I think it was Tanani actually mentioned this. Can we ever not have an 80-year-old president? Is there ever going to be a point at which the boomers are just going to die and allow us to move on? The answer is no. You may not have a non-boomer president. It is just bizarre. Keep in mind, Bill Clinton was the first boomer president.  We went from that that was 1992. And then we went to W. Bush, a right wing reaction to a liberal boomer. Barack Obama is technically a boomer, is he not? even though he is younger and the rest he's now um in his 60s he's on the um he's a younger boomer and he doesn't maybe read as a boomer and he got elected via gen xers but um he is a boomer technically speaking um and after that we went to older presidents who were the same age or older than certainly barack obama but even bill clinton it's just bizarre i i think it there was actually some things i have in the scratch pad that i was gonna i i thought we could talk about  today, but yeah, I mean, it's a boomer world and we're just sort of living in it. The, the world seems to be almost a domestic policy, at least seems to be geared towards making the boomers happy. Everything's they seem to be winning every game, uh, higher real estate prices, uh, That is clearly going to benefit boomers in the sense that for millions of them, the vast majority of their wealth is actually their home. They don't have any incentive whatsoever to...  to build massive new housing or redistribute it to the young or something. And just in case you thought you might inherit the home, they're going to pull a reverse mortgage on you and they're basically cashing out their home while still alive. Even things like mass immigration benefit boomers in the sense that everyone can hire a nanny, of course, but you can hire cheap help. in effect um bringing people from overseas to do to work in the healthcare industry the booming healthcare industry to take care of these dying people this is all for boomers uh maintaining social security etc i mean it's just it's boomers all the way down it's their world and we just live in it  And they have these boomer presidents. Who knows? If Trump dies, we might just skip over the Gen Xers. Kamala Harris is a Gen Xer, I believe, technically speaking. And I think she sort of reads more Gen X. She's spiritually Gen X, if not technically. But I think she is technically Gen X. She was born in 1964, which I guess technically makes her a boomer. So she's technically a boomer. Yeah. Okay.  Well, you get my point, though. She does not strike me as a boomer. Many faults has Kamala Harris, but being a boomer is not one of them. So, yeah, our first Gen X president, in spirit, if not in fact... uh was taken from us by Elon Musk in the 2024 election um I we might just skip Gen X entirely and go to a JD Vance president I don't think JD Vance could possibly be elected on his own but he is he might very well be appointed and that the the hope would be that he could pull an LBJ and  win a big reelection landslide. I think the exact opposite is actually going to be the case. Even putting aside J.D. Vance's lack of charisma, cringiness, creepiness, dorkiness all rolled up into this ball of human flesh that we call JD. Uh, I, I think the more likely scenario is that he gets blamed for a lot of things that are coming and that are sort of overdue. Um,  major stock market correction preceded by or followed by a major recession. We're due for this.  been a lot of credit creation since COVID and we haven't really corrected for that. So I don't know. I think JD might even be kind of weirdly scapegoated and people will look back to the golden age of Donald Trump that lasted some nine months.  You could argue that was exactly LBJ's fate as well, but he did get reelected first. He got reelected in a massive landslide, although that was an unusual period in time. I don't think the full realignment had taken place and Goldwater won his home state and the Deep South and nothing else.  Related to this about the boomers, the first year of the baby boom, of course, was 1946. And that's also the only year in which three U.S. presidents were born. George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Donald Trump. Wow. It's just amazing. it's amazing the sort of public mood the social mood that occurred people wanted to have babies when the war was over and this you could actually see in Germany as well there's a German baby boom you know among the losers of the Second World War as there was a baby boom in among the winners and yeah it's just remarkable it's hard to see over the boomer Horizon  You know, how do we do politics absent the boomers? And I remember talking with someone who was. This person wanted to interview me, but it was almost a.  spitball session that I had. And we'll see what comes of it. But he's writing a book on how the 1960s sort of never ended. And I think that there's a lot of truth to that. I mean, I can remember even in 2004 with the Swift Boat controversy regarding John Kerry that was done by surrogates of George W. Bush of like, you know, he hates America. His Vietnam vet colleagues think that they were betrayed by John Kerry when he spoke out against the red, white, and blue. and it was just such a 60s controversy and we and that was happening in 2004 and that defined the election and i i don't know i i i feel like the the 1960s are still with us and even a lot of the george floyd race stuff that of 2020 was a kind of reiteration of that same dynamic  So I don't know. It's like, can we get beyond the horizon of boomers? That remains to be seen. Can we think politically outside of the left-right divisions that were emerging in the 60s and 70s and then in politics were codified in the 80s and even 90s? Uh, I think it was really 1994 with the Republican revolution, uh, post Bill Clinton that we, that we, you, you first see this like cemented red blue dynamic, uh, that wasn't exactly there elections were different but it was cementing these ideas were emerging the 60s with the sexual revolution and all also rock sex drugs and rock and roll all that kind of stuff it was beginning to cement with realignment in the 70s but not quite i mean remember our first southern evangelical president was jimmy carter  So it hadn't fully codified itself, so to speak. By the 80s, it was. And then certainly in the 90s, we've reached this like for a glacial frozen state of affairs of red states and blue states and this just endless culture war that's ultimately emerging from the 1960s.  I kind of agree. I would offer some limited pushback, at least. The 2004 stuff I remember with the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth and John Kerry, that's absolutely like a boomer election defined by like, what were you doing during the Vietnam War? But later on, just like in the 2010s, in 2016, when Donald Trump ran,  He had a Vietnam service evasion story of his own. He said he had a bad knee or bone chips, which was why he couldn't. Thank you. Bone spurs is why he couldn't serve. And Democrats tried to make something of that. It was just a nothing burger issue. No one cared. We had sort of moved on.  from that kind of focus on Vietnam to the same extent. That's not to say- Don't you think if a liberal had bone spurs that it actually would have been a controversy?  I don't actually. I don't. I feel like we've moved on. But yeah, I don't disagree with the larger point that, yeah, the boomers are, of course, dominant. We're still living in their paradigm. David Frum actually wrote an interesting book about, kind of uncharacteristic of most of his body of work, but it was a book about the 70s. He made this argument about the 70s. The 70s was the decade that brought you modern life, for better or for worse. And I do kind of feel if you look at like the elections of 1960, maybe even 1964, they were clearly living in a different world. But if you look at like the politics that was happening in the 70s with, you know, the Equal Rights Amendment, abortion, the kind of Southern, the religious right, Southern Baptist stuff, school busing, so an overhang of the racial issue. The 70s was sort of the decade when the 60s filtered down to the groundwater level. You kind of had the world that we're living in now more fully formed, which you're kind of already saying. Yeah, I think that's very true. The sexual revolution was to a very large extent an elite phenomenon in the sense that it was happening on college campuses. It was happening in the realm of youth music and rock and roll. It was happening...  theoretically among intellectuals, et cetera. So it took some time to reach Oklahoma, I would say. But it did. And then it got codified politically. But yeah, there was something... I remember I listened to this book. It was called...  flash points or it had some word like that. And it was basically about the partisan divide. And it was trying to do almost like a deeper cultural history of, of red, blue polarization. And it was written by two men. I'll find the book. It's very, it's a very sort of,  I guess, a bit shallow of a book. It's kind of like a pop history of this period. But it went into television. It went into other things. It went into Archie Bunker. So it kind of gives you a big overview. And it went up through Obama and to the election of 2016. But yeah there was a major case and i'm forgetting the names involved but it was like 1978 or 1980 when the religious right primaried a republican who was pro-choice and  Basically, it was like a small congressional election, but they proved that they could do it. So they attacked a otherwise rock ribbed Republican entirely on the basis that he was pro-abortion and they won and things just flipped. So George Herbert Walker Bush, who was formerly on the board of Planned Parenthood, became pro-life. Ronald Reagan, who was pro-abortion, pro-abortion, pro-union of SAG, pro-gun control against the Black Panthers while he was governor of California, but was, I think, genuinely libertarian in his criticism of Medicare and Social Security and pro- Freedom and, you know, the capitalist market is lift more people out of poverty than communists. I think those were continuous with him. But in terms of individual hot button issues, he did just sort of flip and he became a at least ostensibly or vocally or rhetorically pro-life president.  And I don't think we've really escaped that. Is there a single pro-choice Republican in Congress or the Senate?  I don't know of one who's open. Was Lisa Murkowski that? Perhaps. Perhaps there are some on the edges, but you see my point. It's a 98-2 issue, basically. And the left-right divide just became...  codified after that. And of course, there's the history of the pro-life movement having strange beginnings, let's say. So as many people will point out, the Southern Baptist Convention endorsed the Roe v. Wade decision. And they said some things that were moral, but then they said, you know, the privacy is exceedingly important and we don't want to go messing around in women's business was basically their statement.  Jerry Falwell never discussed the abortion issue until the late 70s and into the 80s. And again, the idea, what they did discuss was racial segregation, which they all supported. So you had this situation where they were voting Republican for the first time, excuse me, on behalf of Goldwater. they were diehard democrats to a large extent but former democrats to some extent southern segregationists uh who were anti-busing pro-private schools in the south so you could avoid blacks etc etc etc they fundamentally lost that issue and they were humiliated and demoralized by it and then moved to this new issue with the creation of the religious right where abortion was was sort of the the the harbinger the the the leading the lost leader perhaps you could say for a grocery store the the the fundamental issue that divides people that they're going to focus on but it be behind abortion was a lot more it's about family values of course it's about a sort of southern fried protestantism with catholic leadership uh of the religious right i would add um and there is the kind of crazy aunt that they have locked up in the attic which is that they were all racial segregationists uh fascinating stuff  Um, yeah, John, did you want it or? Yeah, just to keep track of time. Trump is now officially 30 minutes late to his own press conference. Yeah. And I was going to ask, um, do you think that live streaming it here i'm keeping an eye on it so yeah waiting for event to begin is what we have yeah so i i was going to ask do you think that later on in the term like he may eventually become a brezhnev type character where his brain is like so rotted they have to address the nation and pre-recorded speeches  I mean, they're already doing that. It's just... They're doing that for the social media age where they're publishing old photos. I mean, it was crazy. Look, this is something... Did anyone see this weird photo that they published where he... Trump was...  it's a golf photo and he's with some like radio host or something who's pro-Trump. Let me find this. Yeah. Okay. This came up immediately. Um, let me share the screen here. Okay. And okay. So You have Trump here, and people have pointed out something curious about the toothiness of his smile that's not a normal Trump smile. I can show you this briefly. Twitter thread that I found where it like reducing the contrast to almost zero or putting it to 100, whichever it is, it does at least suggest that this was either touched up or might be fake. The other thing you could imagine is if you're losing it, I could imagine the smile being something to go. You know, everyone has a natural smile and it's sort of characteristic of you. But if you ever see even like some kids smile when they're, they're a little bit uncomfortable, they don't know how to smile for the camera. You get these kinds of like toothy, you're like pulling your lips apart. You forgetting how to do it. It's, it's just unusual, but we don't have to dwell on that. What I found fascinating. So. Okay. Okay. here's the reflection now in the mirror now parallax is obviously a thing so we're looking at a two-dimensional image obviously within a room but what are we seeing exactly and If I just glanced at this photo, I would assume that there would be a reflection of the back of Trump and this man and maybe even the photographer in the window. But no, the wall is not directly behind him. It's more to his side.  But are we not? I mean, possibly we're getting something that is out. We're getting a reflection of something, a staircase that is totally outside of the picture. But wouldn't it stand to reason? I mean, just using the eye test here. wouldn't it stand to reason that what we're getting reflected is this person who is either a man with a bun or a bit of a mannish man a mannish woman and isn't it interesting that there's no photograph behind her and that you don't see this man at all although perhaps not seeing that man at all is  not too surprising, but someone helped me out here. Am I am I wrong? Is there is there another explanation? I'm perfectly willing to listen to it because I'm questioning myself suggesting this. But is this not the same person right here? Don't these people look like they have roughly the same. Shape. does anyone please someone save me from engaging a criminology or schizophrenia have i lost my mind i mean i think from that angle you would have to see the wall in the mirror also right i mean the way you know mirrors work is uh you get like the reciprocal angle right  So on top of just the fact that there is no picture at all, yeah, this is definitely doctored. So, right. But, yeah. It's just... I hesitate to suggest this, but this strikes me as something very strange is going on here.  Anyway, let's check in on... Okay, there's nothing happening. Are we still live here? Yes. All right, we're going on 40 minutes late. Let me go... I found some interesting things. What's the college class rules? If the professor is an hour late, you can leave?  It's 15 minutes. Probably five minutes. You're like, all right, let's go. Let's go, guys. There's a kegger at Sigma Chi. Woo! Okay. This person, Adam Cochran, is offering some...  I think rational speculation. So more proof of a Trump health cover-up. Trump leaves White House again this morning, mouth agape, not allowed to speak with reporters, then it gets weirder, like full AI gaslighting kind of weird. He once again goes golfing, quote unquote, at his club, and reporters are confined to the tennis court area, not allowed to speak to Trump, and not allowed to see him golfing, which they normally can. His team posts this picture with a close friend and radio host, John Fredericks. I've never heard of John Fredericks. I guess if you're just some...  Goofy dude from the Midwest and you're hyper pro-Trump. You become friends with Trump. Flattery gets you everywhere. After days of outdated pictures, we finally get something that seems current, but something is off. Other than the weird staging, we notice that Trump's eyes are barely open.  I'm not... That doesn't seem definitive to me. That happens when you smile. This would be consistent with someone recovering from a minor stroke or larger TIA who is recovering physically but not fully well yet. I would almost give a pass on the eyes just because your eyes do close naturally when you're really smiling. But it's also... Oh, go ahead. I don't think he normally kind of smiles like that, though. His eyes are usually more open.  I noticed that too. His eyes look off. Apparently he's being put on daily aspirin, which is some people, they think that's normal because that used to be prescribed for prevention of heart attacks, but they stopped doing that a while ago. Really? Yeah. They don't prescribe that anymore for prevention. So what they're saying is why he's being prescribed daily aspirin is because of strokes, that that's what you would do. um in that case so you want a thin a thinner blood a blood thinner is aspirin i'm no doctor here yes so you're just gonna it will be more easily flowing through the body yeah so they're saying that that's a sign he's had a stroke interesting so who reported that about about what was did someone report that or is this sort of like floating  Oh, you can see what, that's like public. Oh, public, okay. Yeah, it's like public what they're taking, the president, like what medications they're on. So his regimen is including daily aspirin, which is unusual for,  That's interesting. Just because I'm so old myself, I remember hearing from my parents or something like that of like, you know, once you're in your mid-40s and you've got a beer belly, you should start aspirating up.  But I didn't know that they now moved away from that. Yeah, now they don't recommend it anymore. Okay, interesting. Here, I'll keep reading 5.13, but it's also an odd smile for Trump. This is what RFH was getting at. Large, overly toothy, and uniform.  The rare times he smiles with teeth, it's smaller and larger on one side. He has a crooked. Okay, that's interesting. It's not this clenched teeth smile. Okay, this is sort of what I was saying before. So then I thought, what about tools like FaceApp that use AI models to adjust a person's appearance? Since this isn't a press photo, we don't know it's not face edits. Here is a sample of a Trump smile image run through FaceApp's smile feature on high settings.  Yeah. That's interesting. It is reminiscent of FaceApp because there's like too many teeth and they're too bright. And that's what FaceApp tends to do. It just makes it a bit too much. I mean, are... Wouldn't we expect the White House to be using like double top secret, amazing next-gen AI and not just running it through their phone? I actually do not expect the MAGA admin to know how to use technology well. Wasn't FaceApp the one that would like turn you into a girl or something? Yes. Everyone was posting those photos like four years ago. Yes. Everyone was truning out.  Crows feet intensify. Okay. Lips furl in, smile lines pull back, eyes become more closed. Unlike an AI that fully generates image, a face editor like FaceApp has hard to programmatically detect. There are no hidden watermarks or super obvious tells. Yeah. Okay. um and when we boost contrast you'll notice hard to see with twitter's compression but the outline around trump's face has pixelated noise yeah suggest although not proving a touch-up yeah i that i i i definitely understand this as well just from my photoshop days um yeah he keeps going on and on i i'm surprised this guy looked such detail i i'm i'm really waiting for someone to disabuse me of my sense that this photo is like really doctored and they screwed up the mirror reflection  It does look like that. It looks wrong. I understand mirrors do weird things with angles. It's not always what you'd expect to see in there. But the photo is right behind her. I don't understand how it wouldn't be in the mirror.  the other option is that there's another staircase that's fairly close by. It's not too distanced from, because just thinking about perspective here, there's another staircase almost like in front of them that they're getting the reflect. I, that, that strikes the whole thing. Just, it's just odd. And I'm not 100% on this, but it just does strike me as odd. their facial expressions are really weird too yeah okay and are people just freaking out now he's 45 minutes late maybe he dropped dead right back there yeah just catch it on camera  Wow. James, do you want to jump in? Yeah, I have a piece of wild speculation I'd like to toss in. Go for it. If we know that he's having all these circulatory issues, right? Blood draws and IVs become an issue for people in these conditions. I would speculate that that's what's going on with the bruising on the hand, is that they're having to draw and give IVs into the smaller... veins in the hand because those are the ones they're able to access and obviously you know that can cause significant bruising after you've done this day after day sure i don't think that's wild speculation i thought i think that that seems like uh pretty yeah very sound um pax Yeah, I'm wondering if the mouth breathing might be related to something called refractory angina. Have you heard of this? It's a type of intense chest pain caused by a lack of blood flow to the heart. So again, it's a circulatory related issue.  I think mouth breathing occurs when you're just short of breath. I thought that was a stripper you meet in a house of mirrors, refractory angina, but I've never. I've certainly experienced that. Forgot the jazz drum. Yeah, I'm wondering if that could be something that's going on, although he is leaving the White House and he's not leaving from the golf course, so I don't know.  Yeah, I do. Obviously, we naturally breathe through our nose. That is most healthy. Actually, with children, there's really serious issues with mouth breathing where they're not getting enough oxygen. And...  They, it can be associated with lower IQ and sleep deprivation, et cetera. So mouth breathing does suggest that something's wrong. So if you're running or, you know, you're, you're an athlete out in the football field, you're going to start mouth breathing because your body just needs more oxygen.  Like this. But if you're mouth breathing normally, that is very bad. Sleep deprivation for snorers and so on. I mean, snoring is mouth breathing. Yeah, it's not good. You shouldn't walk around with your mouth open. Like some of those snowboarders that you see in whitefish, they're always like, yeah it's just a sign of like stupidity trump is live someone says okay here we go i think that influenced my decision though right that didn't right but uh we had a lot of competition for this and uh alabama is getting it huntsville in particular so congratulations everybody katie congratulations This will result in more than 30,000 Alabama jobs, and probably much more than that, and hundreds of millions of dollars of investment. And that's billions, because it can't be millions, it's billions and billions of dollars. Most importantly, this decision will help America defend and dominate the high frontier, as they call it. thank Secretary Pete Hegseth, he's doing a fantastic job, and Secretary of the Air Force Troy Mink. Troy, thank you very much. Great job you're doing, Troy. This is such a big deal. This is one that everybody wanted to know. What are you doing? I also want to thank Senators Katie Britt, and I want to give my condolences your grandmother her grandmother just passed away she was 100 well and she was very proud of you very very proud of you so thank you Katie she must have been to produce you indirectly Tommy Tuberville who's a great coach and  I won't say anything about what happened with Alabama football this weekend. Let's leave that out. But you're not used to that, right? You're not used to that. Auburn won. Auburn won, that's right. So you're happy. Tommy's been a great senator, as you know, and a fantastic guy all around. He was also a tremendous coach. House Armed Services Committee Chair Mike Rogers. Thank you, Mike. Mike, thank you very much. Doing great.  representatives Barry Moore, all great friends, Robert Aderholt, Gary Palmer, and Dale Strong. Thank you all very much, fellas. We appreciate it. In my first term, we created and I created a thing called Space Force, so important. You know, we were losing the race in space very badly to China and to Russia, and now we're far and away number one in space, and reestablished Space Com,  with a mission to protect American space assets and detect any threat to our homeland. We initially selected Huntsville for the Space Comm headquarters, yet those plans were wrongfully obstructed by the Biden administration. And as you know, they moved them to a different locale. And today we're moving forward with what we want to do and the place that we want to have this. And this will be there for hopefully hundreds of years. That's where it's going to be.  I will say I want to thank Colorado. The problem I have with Colorado, one of the big problems, they do mail-in voting. They went to all mail-in voting.  So they have automatically crooked elections. And we can't have that. When a state is for mail-in voting, that means they want dishonest elections because that's what that means. So that played a big factor also. In Huntsville Space, Com will play a key role in building the Golden Dome. It's going to be a big thing. Everybody wants to be a participant in it. Missile Defense Shield, we're going to be...  Having a Golden Dome, the likes of which nobody's ever seen before. The finest, the best. And by the way, Canada called. They want to be a part of it. And that'll be great. But Canada wants very much to be included in that. And we're going to work something out with them, I hope. It will also ensure that our technological capabilities, of which we're way ahead of anybody else's, nobody close, remain unmatched long into the future. So I'd like to ask Secretary Hegseth to say a few words. He was very much a part of it. And really, everybody behind me was. Every one of these people would call me and lobby me. I said, Katie, I don't want to talk to you anymore. I know what you want. She said, that's right, sir. That's what I want.  And they got their way. So I just want to congratulate. These are really special people. They're politicians in many ways, but they're great patriots, I think, even more so than politicians. So they fought very hard to get it, and it's an honor to give it to Huntsville. Pete, say a few words, please.  Thank you, Mr. President. As usual, right place, right time, for the right reason. In your first administration, you established the Space Force at a time when we knew we had to be looking to that domain of space. You also reestablished SpaceCom to ensure that priority was put in place, and you, through the Air Force, independently identified that Huntsville, Alabama was the right place to put it. For other reasons, in the next administration under Biden, they decided to move it somewhere else. Well, during that time, the DOD inspector general, the government affairs office, they did their own assessments. And where did they say space conference would go? Huntsville, Alabama. So what you're doing today, Mr. President, is restoring it to precisely where it should be based on what the Space Force, the Air Force, your leadership believes will give us strategic advantage in the future. That is Huntsville, Alabama. We are way ahead in space, but this will ensure we stay leaps and bounds ahead because that's the most important domain. Whoever controls the skies will control the future of warfare. And, Mr. President, today you're ensuring that happens. Thank you. Thank you very much. Katie, would you like to say something? Mr. President, we are grateful for your leadership on this and restoring space command to its rightful home in Huntsville, Alabama. This delegation has worked together, both chambers, both parties, to make sure that Huntsville  was the place that Space Command called home. As was mentioned, obviously, the Biden administration chose to make this political. What we want to do is put the safety and security of Americans first. We want to make sure that our war fighter is put first. And we want to make sure that America continues to lead. And today, Mr. President, you've allowed that to happen. Thank you. Thank you very much. Tommy, please. Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Mr. President. This is a great day for our country, not just for our state of Alabama.  We need help in our military. We need to catch up, and as Secretary Hudson said, we're not behind in space, but we know where we're at, and we need to expound on that. Now, this move will save the taxpayers $480 million.  It's not going to cost more. It's going to cut $480 million. We have the plans intact. It'll be behind a secure wall in Huntsville, Alabama at Redstone Arsenal. We have 40,000 people there. We have the FBI there. We have missile defense there. We have NASA, Blue Origin, and SpaceX. It is the perfect place for Space Command. I would tell you today, and again, I've spoke with the president for the last three or four years about this. If I thought it needed to go somewhere else because I understand the security of our country, I'd be for that. But the best place for Space Command is Huntsville, Alabama, because what we have and what it means to this country is going to be so important. So thank you, Mr. President, for this. And we look forward to building a huge Space Command and having the Donald J. Trump Space Command Center in Huntsville, Alabama.  Sure. Well, Mr. President, thank you. I'll be very brief here. I lobbied the President hard to put it in Ohio, but he said these people behind us, these Alabamas, are just too powerful and too persuasive. And so it's in Alabama. But as Tommy said, this is exactly the right place for Space Force and Space Command. I think Americans ought to appreciate and ought to appreciate the fact that you can't win the battle of the future unless you control the skies. the cyber security, the communications, the entire infrastructure of the battle in the 21st century will be in space. So it was a visionary move in the first administration for the president to set up Space Force, and I think an equally visionary move to make sure the Space Force is right where it should be in Huntsville, Alabama. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Gentlemen, anybody want to say anything? Would you like to say?  Mr. President, another promise made, another promise kept. You think about it. Redstone Arsenal is critical to national security. The president said when you were the 45th president, let's do what's right for national security. And today that's exactly what we're doing. It's not because of this or that. It's because it's right for national security. You think of the 21 categories that were evaluated to determine. I can't listen to this guy. Um, it is interesting i don't even know who that guy is just some alabama president uh politician but it is interesting like i mean alabama might be a better site i mean who knows but it's just hilarious that donald trump couldn't help himself but basically say that we're doing this because colorado has mail-in ballots To add even more hilarity, Donald Trump would not have won the 2024 election without mail-in ballots. This was revealed in an analysis and done by Harry Enten of CNN, who's become kind of the numbers guy of our time. But just incredible. He's just sort of like admitting to personal dealing  on behalf of Alabama, it's a red state and we won it by 47 points. It's just, it's breathtaking. If you didn't vote for me, you don't get to have government contracts. Like it's pretty blatant. yeah and he just says it whereas everyone else like even tommy tuberville is like he's not smarter than trump i don't think he's smarter than trump but he he sort of like understands rhetoric in a way whereas trump has this bizarre form of rhetoric where it's so time we tell it was like you know if new mexico were better i would say put it there put it there so it's all about america uh but  Trump is like, mail-in ballots, you voted. It's like he openly says these. It's just incredible. I mean, I don't even think there'll be any consequence to this. There won't. People like that. It seems to appeal to them.  Is the mail-in... Did he win because of mail-ins because boomers prefer mailing in? That's apparently what is happening. And also, probably because Donald Trump was so fixated on this in 2020, there was almost like an allergy to mail-in ballots among Republicans. But then, as time goes by, you just sort of get used to doing things in a new way. And so...  Yes, he won because of mail imbalance in 2024, according to this analysis. And I don't doubt it. Yeah, but I could imagine boomers doing the mail-in stuff again. And JD can't help himself but to just offer the information that he doesn't have any influence and he's kind of a fucking loser. He's like, I really tried to get it for Ohio. You know you could just not say that, right? He needs to stop trying to crack jokes. It's so off-putting every time he tries to joke. It's just like, he can't do it. It's very true.  His jokes don't make sense. They're not funny. No. And they make sense in some weird way. Like saying, I just had a Diet Mountain Dew. Sorry, I'm doing it again. I just had a Diet Mountain Dew and I guess that's racist now. Like, what? What are you talking about? What? I don't get it.  Um, but yeah, he doesn't understand humor because it's not funny to say first off. I don't, he might even just be making that up. He's just being a small time politician. He's like demeaning himself as opposed to presenting himself as presidential. Trump is above it all. People come to Trump with their pleadings. and lobbying but jd is like he's depicting himself as like yeah i was i was sticking up for ohio even though i never heard of any ohio mentioned for space force right he's just you might even be making it up but regardless he's demeaning himself and it's not funny it's like he's just me tooing what he was hearing before and wants to sound like the person who was just there but but i'm from ohio so i've got to tell it different odd yeah demeaning himself is how he gets ahead with usha so he just assumes that that's how he should do it with like normal people that's true you know about forks and spoons usha this is how i remember them  Right? So it's like, so B, that, what, how do you do it? It's like D means dinner. But then you hold them up. Oh, God. Yeah. Which one is Les Mis, Usha? Is that the one about the demon barber of Fleet Street? That's just, it is just bizarre. God. I hate that guy so much.  Okay, in terms of Trump's health, Trump seemed just like he always seemed. He seemed like he's seemed over the past year, I'll put it that way. He was not slurring his words. He had a little million-billion mix-up there, but I wouldn't put too much weight on that. That's something that anyone could do.  He didn't look great, to be honest, but he was sort of the same old Trump. Keep in mind, with Biden, you would have situations like this where he would seem fine. He even seemed fine in his address in August, I believe, or maybe it was July, when he just simply addressed the fact that he's not going to run again and so on. He seemed okay. if not great he seemed energized when he gave the dark brandon speech before the you know star wars imperial guard in 20 late 2023 i believe is when that took place so um i don't know you can sort of get someone hopped up As people dealing with dying grandparents will tell you, there's this sort of sunsetting thing where they seem lucid and aware and energetic at noon, and they start to sunset with the falling of the sun, and it gets quite bad at 6 p.m. I don't know. I don't know what to say. It's interesting.  Perhaps we'll have to, perhaps he kind of delayed any health scares for another day. Play Cold Italy? Yeah, just really quick. I just wanted to offer a little bit, just kind of, I don't know, maybe some insight into, I just think the idea that like Trump, I don't know, when I see people like floating this idea that Trump like could die of some massive heart attack in the next six months or in the foreseeable future i just really don't think that's a reasonable what was that you i didn't say anything i think you there's just something popped up there you don't think that that's reasonable speculation i i not not to die of like some like unforeseen massive like heart attack in the next six months to a year just because he's got you know access to the best doctors best medical care They've probably scanned them up and down and are checking for, you know, massively blocked arteries that could become a potential risk in the future. I mean, the other way, maybe he could have some kind of cardiac event where if he has like chronically high blood pressure, he could have like arterial dissection or something like that that could basically lead to like an aneurysm or an embolism. But they can fix that. I mean, with modern medicine, I mean, they can...  they can pop like a T var, they can pop like a stint in an artery. They have to, all they have to do nowadays is go through your femoral artery. And so like, it wouldn't, I, even if he did have some kind of, yeah, like a cardiac event, you know, a TIA, a stroke and embolism and aneurysm, or, you know, in the case of a massively blocked artery, but they're going to, they're going to be monitoring and they're going to be seeing that beforehand. And in that case, like I said, they'll, they'll fix that with a stint. If it's, like an acute condition that comes on, like an aneurysm, or if it's something that's prolonged, like they see an artery that's 80% blocked, they can go in with a stent and fix that. And those things last for years and years and years, and they can replace them. So just the idea that he's going to die in the next six months or a year of a massive heart attack, because he is overweight, so I think a lot of people can kind of assume that, but I just think that With the access to modern medicine, the best doctors and the best care, I'm sure they're monitoring them up and down. I just don't think it's a realistic possibility. I understand what you're saying, and I'm glad you said it, but there's just a kind of actuarial reality to the situation. where me at age 47, there's, let's say, a 1 in 500 chance that I'm going to have a spontaneous heart attack and die on camera. Let's see if there's some wood I can knock off. Okay, there you go. But that ratio keeps getting worse and worse every day that goes by. And it's sort of...  The ratio is pretty high when you're 80. And as Pax mentioned in the chat, I do think his dietary habit is worse than the fact that he has refrained from alcohol and smoking. Don't you think that a fast food diet is worse than being a smoker? Pax? Pax? We may have an opportunity to be even more contrarian than we already are if we were to endorse a kind of plant-based whole food diet as opposed to the alt-right red meat carnivore diet. I don't know, just a thought. And it wouldn't have to be like a permanent vegan situation. It could be like maybe every two days just...  eat some beans and rice or something, you know, I don't know. Well, RFH is an acolyte of Ray Pete. That's right. Um, it is kind of a lower protein diet, but you do still eat meat, but I do think Americans do have this obsession and dependency on, um, muscle protein and it probably i think it is too much and it is i think the vegans are somewhat right in that it is inflammatory to be eating that much muscle meat that's why ray pete says you're supposed to be um eating more like organs and glycine along with it so organs just kind of bother me yeah but they're much more nutrient dense  I know it might just be a totally kind of personal, irrational thing. It's just a cultural thing, so we don't grow up eating it. Right. Yeah, so it sounds gross. I feel just so ridiculous when you read an article that talks about minimum protein intake as if anybody in the history of America has ever had a protein deficiency. Have you ever even heard of this? I haven't.  I guess if you're eating just pure junk food all day, you probably are. There are some people who are like this, where they're literally just eating like potato chips and, I don't know, candy. But I think in general, yeah, Americans probably eat too much almost. Could you, I don't feel like I fully understand Ray Peet, even though we actually have talked about Ray Peet just, you know, offline and things like that. But could you, if you could like maybe give an elevator pitch and then maybe speak a little bit longer, like I still don't fully understand what it's about. Because I've heard these little, you know, shards of information like you eat ice cream for breakfast or like sugar, but I don't fully, I'm intrigued, but I don't feel like I fully understand it.  Yeah, it's so they call it like it's like bioenergetics. The idea is that you're just trying to eat foods mostly that are going to be really easy for your body to digest. Like it's not going to cause all this work for your body to do because the more you have to digest things, like the less efficient your metabolism is going to be and the more it's going to slow you down. And so the idea is you want your metabolism to be working at its peak and you want your internal body temperature to actually be a bit high. Global body temperatures have been decreasing since industrialization on average. Interesting. And they're saying that's a sign of like our thyroid's not working as properly now, probably due to just all the processed food, but also like pollution and pesticides and all these sorts of things that are endocrine disruptors. So it's just kind of about optimizing your digestion and hormonal health so that you're not so worried about how much you're eating i guess it's that you want the body it's the metabolism itself to just be really efficient and working really well um it's kind of like your body has like an internal you know it has a thermostat right and you want it to run um at a higher point uh rather than  be in this constant state of kind of under eating and cortisol. And that creates, that makes your body temperature literally go lower. That's what Brian Johnson is doing. And he brags about this, actually. He posts about how low his body temp is. And I just think it's clear you can see that that's not healthy. He looks gray. He bruises like super easily. Yeah.  It just looks off. Like, I guess technically you can sort of live longer because it's like your body's just going to this preservation state. But I can't imagine the quality of life there is good to be cold and reptilian. So the idea is about, I guess, producing heat. you also like isn't the concept of melatonin that it lowers your body temperature and your body temperature also lowers with sleep so you're you're sort of like forcing sleep like your body temperature is going to your metabolism is going to slow down and your body temperature is going to lower while you're sleeping so shouldn't that give us like a little bit of pause of people trying to lower their body temperatures  Right. It's like you're kind of going this semi-hibernation. Right. You're not going to be running, I guess, at full throttle. But then that's also going to affect your energy levels and how you work cognitively. It's not good. Right. So philosophically, the Pete position is just so different because it's about, I guess, more embracing life and saying it's good and you want to be running at full capacity and to not be... constantly hungry and cold and tired yeah in order to be i guess i don't know because that that's kind of where health i guess has gone lately with a lot of these trends with like keto and um even veganism all these things kind of make you a bit hungry and cold and tired and we're just stressed out they all produce um they'll produce more cortisol mm-hmm  Interesting. So does it have a similar antipathy to processed foods that you also see on the kind of carnivore or primate diet? Like a processed food that's going to be...  you know, more difficult to digest. Digesting potato chips or, you know, candy or these highly processed type things or cinnamon roll, glazed cinnamon rolls or something. Glazed cinnamon roll. Yeah. Like that's  just because it's more complicated, it's got  as opposed to whole food or raw food that you know your ancestors would have eaten eaten something like that you're you're doing this manufactured food it's it would one would imagine it would be more difficult to to digest is it and i've heard this type of reasoning from carnivore people or primal  Yeah, it's not like paleo. Repetism isn't like a conservative sort of worldview like paleo is. It doesn't demonize things for being processed just because they're processed. It would look at how it's processed. So a lot of processed food's bad because it has seed oil or polyunsaturated fatty acids, which people are basically, that's kind of their...  thing they sort of blame everything for, I guess, in regards to ill health. Um, because these, they do affect your hormones badly and they slow down the metabolism, but there's also processed foods that they will tell you are great. And you should be eating like a Mexican Coke. Um,  So it's, they're not. It's music to my ears. Yes. They're not like against processed foods for being processed. Again, it's not, it's very much not like a conservative worldview. It's, it's a very, it's very different philosophically than people who are like into paleo, which is what I used to be a big paleo person prior to Ray Peet. that's very interesting yeah you sent me a couple of pages from ray pete's book and yeah there was almost like a i don't quite remember what his thought process was at this time but there was almost like a like life-affirming quasi communist left nietzscheanism kind of it was interesting what he was oh he was talking about women actually and it was like what what was he saying like it was like it was a like both left-wing and right-wing critique of feminism of like a woman like this is a degradation to women if they're trying to become a man a man but then sluts are bad too because you know they're fully commodified commodifying themselves i don't know it was just it was an interesting thoughtful commentary  It is, yeah. He is like, or he was, I guess. He died a couple years ago. He was very philosophical. It's more than just, I guess, a diet. He really did have this whole kind of worldview. He was really into William Blake and...  Also into the Soviet Union. He's sort of a communist, but a very interesting man. But yeah, his book, Nutrition for Women, also has just like essays that go beyond nutrition. It's about like, yeah, I guess women and sexuality and our place in the modern world. Yeah.  Yeah, how we've all kind of, I guess, been degraded in a way. But yeah, he's a very interesting person. It is a sort of weird left Nietzschean semi-communist view. But I don't know. I do think it resonates. And overall, I like him because, again, he is very life-affirming in his worldview. And his views on nutrition are really just to assist with that at the end of the day. Mm-hmm.  I was always fascinated by women with vitamin E deficiencies are incapable of achieving orgasm. Oh, is this what he said? Yeah. So he tells women to eat lots of nuts, like pine nuts. We all know that the female orgasm doesn't exist at all. So I think this is an immaterial comment that he makes. purely performative yes for the male saint so um rfh tell me about like a seven day a week diet if you were to embrace ray peed  Um, it, so it's a lot of dairy, uh, and it's more carb based, but simple carbs. You don't, a lot of people like won't eat starch. Um, particularly if their health is not well and they're just kind of starting out with that, they'll say, don't, you don't eat starch. So it's more like juices and fruits and, um, um collagenous seafood a lot of like root some root vegetables like because carrots are a big part of the diet what is collagen like collagen and seafood what yeah like shrimp and things like this okay wow yeah i've heard shrimp are dirty because they're like bottom feeders and yeah he doesn't like buy that at all in fact he recommends oysters to eat those once a week  Music to my ears. Yes. His idea is that like... Mexican Coke, raw oysters. It sounds great. So I guess his view is different in this because a lot of like, again, like paleo type people are like this very emphasis on like, oh, these toxins and, you know, they're slowing your body down. And his more idea is that Well, you know, if you're eating the right foods and your metabolism is running correctly and your liver is working correctly, you'll just be able to process these things. And if you're not able to, you need to avoid it this religiously. Something else is wrong, like with how your body's working. So you should work on... Again, getting your metabolism, your digestion working properly and your liver health in particular. So, yeah, he's not like don't eat oysters because they're bottom feeders or don't eat shrimp because of that. It's more about, again, like getting your... your sort of engine that is your body just to work efficiently and well so that it, it doesn't get bogged down by toxins because toxins are, they're a part of life. Like you're, you're going to run into things that are not good for you, but your body's supposed to be able to process that. So true. But yeah, it would be like a lot of dairy, a lot of fruit, some meat, but again, not like a ton of muscle meat, like not what the typical American is eating. And when you do have like steak, you're supposed to have like gelatin along with that. So like maybe you put like gelatin in your tea or something like with your steak and potatoes are good or a big one. He talks about milk, carrots. It's a lot of the foods, not necessarily that your grandparents ate, but maybe your great grandparents ate. Like he'll recommend things like  You know, like oyster and eating like liver once a week. Like these are these and eating a lot of milk, eating a lot of coffee. If you notice that these are a lot of things that, again, your great grandparents were staples in their diets. Yes, mushrooms are actually a big one. Someone mentioned roasted mushrooms and Swiss, but actually those are both PD foods. Cheese and mushrooms would both be very PD.  Are you saying I've been Ray Petey this whole time? I guess so. Fascinating. Yeah. But overall, more of a low-fat, high-carb diet. Interesting. In general. Boris, would you like to jump in? Or did you actually just turn on your...  You're muted, Boris. Do you want to say something, or did you just turn on your video and it's showing up? Okay, there it is. I'm sorry, Richard. It was by accident. I didn't mean to... Oh, no problem. I was just... I don't know how it happened, actually. If you want to comment on Ray Pete, feel free. Not really, but thank you. Okay. All right. Let's... yeah someone said in the chat the ray p diet is basically a european diet yeah it kind of is actually and he'll even he'll recommends a lot of coffee but and he's also like pretty pro smoking like cigarettes so he says nicotine's good for you i mean it's so incredible that this is my diet nicotine maxing  Yeah, nicotine and coffee maxing is a big part of it. Yeah, nicotine and coffee maxing with, you know, lozenges and the occasional American spirit. cracking open a mexican coke while enjoying mushrooms and swiss cheese on a burger yeah i mean this is just me that's interesting ice cream also i i usually thought of um ice cream as a indulge an indulgence  But there is strong dairy and a lot of sugar, of course. But maybe sugar is not something that we should fear to the degree that we do.  I don't think so. Yeah. I think we demonize it way too much now. That's kind of become the scapegoat of everything. But if you actually look at a chart of American average weight versus sugar consumption, they're going in opposite directions. So weight is going up in America as sugar consumption has actually gone down. Fascinating. Yeah. Yeah.  So maybe one obvious answer to that is just exercise. It's not just about cutting out candy bars. It's about moving around and exercising. Just being outside in the sun. Being outside in the sun, yeah. I could also offer some... other explanations for that correlation or opposed correlation in the sense that we are entering a kind of bifurcated society. First off, I think Ozempic is going to change all of this if Ozempic becomes democratized. But Up until that happens, we're sort of entering a bifurcated society where being wealthy, you can afford a gym or even a trainer or to go on vacation someplace where you're hiking around the mountains and all that kind of stuff. But also wealth is correlated with intelligence and self-control. And so you're just more likely to do that anyway, even if you're broke and you're more likely to go purchase a few dumbbells and just make sure that you're getting a workout no matter how little money you have. So I think we're getting into a bifurcated society where the elite have the willpower and or the means to keep themselves healthy and the others are basically just ballooning  No. And so we might have had lower sugar consumption for merely the fact that elite people have cut it out entirely. And so it goes down, but it actually hasn't changed among other populations. You still do see, I don't know.  My thought is that there's such a popularity with diet drinks now. I think diet Coke seems almost more popular than normal Coke. I think a lot of the poor are actually eating a lot of sugar substitutes. That's true.  In the words of Donald Trump, have you ever seen a skinny person drinking a Diet Coke? Yeah, exactly. The answer is yes, but regardless, his point remains. Yeah, he was getting at something.  Interesting. Yes. I do think everyone's kind of eating actually weirdly less because of the popularity of these sugar substitutes, I guess, that came about like in the 90s or so. These really just like blew up. So yeah, I don't think sugar is quite the culprit. It's not even that people...  that they're not working out. It's that they're just completely sedentary. It's like they don't even just walk places. They're just either in their car or at a desk at work or in their bed. yes and our cities make it almost impossible to walk almost in their defense like our cities and suburbs like if you're living in a a housing community outside of town there might not even be a sidewalk  And if there is one, that's great and all, but there's sort of no place to go. I mean, it doesn't mean you can't walk. Like even if I lived there, I would take my dog for a mile walk at least once or twice a day just for me and for him or her or the it in the sense that it's just good to get on your feet and walk around. But if you have no place to go in this space, you know the strip mall is like 10 miles away or something and then you're there's no place to go really you don't know your neighbor as well why would you walk you just basically drive home from work and sit in front of the television for a few hours and um veg to get your mind off work And then you drive into work and the, unless you're living in New York city, uh, a large parts of Chicago and maybe elsewhere, it's, it's very difficult to walk around. It's very difficult to walk around most parts of LA, for instance, Dallas, Texas. They've, they've even improved things in Dallas, Texas since I was a kid, but, uh, and they, they have the Katie trail and which is great. Tons of people love it, but,  It's difficult to walk in these cities. They're not meant for that. Dallas, as an example, emerged post-car as a big city. Dallas was some podunk place in 1900. By the 1960s, 70s, and 80s, it was a boom town. All of that is post-automobile, so they designed the city around the car. And it is a...  yeah, it's a bad situation. You couldn't walk if you wanted to. I can only think of two American cities that are really walkable. It's like New York and Chicago. I don't,  Yeah. Yeah. Houston is the same thing as Dallas. What are the other big ones? I mean, yeah, it's just very... San Francisco, yeah. I mean, supposedly... I haven't been to San Francisco in a long time. I think it's almost been 10 years since I've been to San Francisco. But when I was there, it was... A lot of the problems that people complained about were pretty obvious. But San Francisco, I think it's sad. I think San Francisco does have just a... a very cool vibe and um and so on but yeah i was in la not too long ago and yeah you just you don't walk there you get an uber to a mall that's like a walkable mall that's what i i remember doing at one point i was getting ubers all over the place so that i could walk around you have to like pay 20 bucks for the to go take a walk yeah it's just yeah  Pareto. yeah so this is something i noticed about american cities or just american north american life in general and if you compare the average teenager's life in north america to the rest of the world i think a lot of american adolescents they have far less opportunity to go outside walk go to these third spaces and have fun so um I think a lot of the North American infrastructure plays a large role in the, I guess, mental health crisis that many Zoomers are experiencing. It's the lack of walkability. And the HOA Karens, you can't even play. I had a roommate in college. He had the police get called on him because he was playing basketball in like the... like in his garage like he had like a thing and there was like suspicion and it's just everything is very constricted and you're not allowed to like let that energy out until you're like 18 or 19.  Yeah. I'm just saying this as someone who has two children. Even drop off at the lower school is just very difficult. And I actually think here in Montana, I'm probably not even experiencing the half of it. But I can just remember when I was a kid, you would just sort of get dropped off and walk into school. And in many situations, where I went to high school later, there were people who just simply walked to school because my high school was ensconced in a neighborhood and so on. I remember talking to a classmate of mine. It was some...  Let me see, like, yeah, 20 years after I graduated. And he was saying that it's just totally different. Like if during, you know, eight to three school hours, if you walked on campus, a security guard would meet you and ask you what you're doing and so on. I mean, I understand basic safety and I understand predators around children. I obviously get it. But you can overreact to a point that kids aren't just, you know, running around and exploring things and getting into trouble and just part of life. Yeah, someone said consequences, consequence of our liability culture. Yeah, yeah, totally.  we're putting everyone into cubes and pods in order, in order to avoid lawsuits. It's just, it's an awful, it's awful way of living.  Let me change the subject just a little bit. And I actually was interested. So on Sunday's show, someone mentioned a content creator. He's actually a professor.  Professor Jiang, I believe is his name. He goes by predictive history. And he's looking at cliometrics and the birth rate and so on. And I've been checking out his material on and off. And I've actually gotten in touch with him. So he's, you know, I think we're going to get an interview going with him. And I think that would be very interesting. I'm going to set that up. But I also so I and he talks about the birth rate quite a bit in terms of the decline of society. I'm just scrolling down. Let me just start sharing my screen here. I'm just scrolling down Elon's Twitter feed. This guy tweet. There is just no way that he works at all if he is running this Twitter account.  Okay, let's just... He... Yeah, this is actually...  what I wanted to talk about. And I think this will generate a very interesting conversation. I want to be contrarian against the natalist and Elon in this situation. So our dear friend Captive Dreamer gets an Elon quote tweet. It's so funny. The immediate... like okay replacement migration is the greatest threat the entire west currently faces Elon low birth rate is the number one threat to the west followed closely by migration there will be no west if this continues and then you get Dan Blitzerian Jewish supremacy is the greatest threat like every right wing meme that's the top comment um let's see what he's talking um and then he goes on and on here uh this is the uh kramia here in the recent decades of the us and across the developed world birth weights have barely changed for right-wingers the more left-wing the more fertility rates have fallen uh that is interesting and i would say not at all surprising um  Let me talk about this on just a more theoretical level. I don't want to get lost in someone's Twitter feed. So Eric Kaufman has a very interesting book that's sadly out of print, although I own it. Hopefully it will be back in print. It was called Shall the Religious Inherit the Earth? So it's a play on shall the meek inherit the earth? And his fundamental points...  Within countries, religious people are outbreeding secular liberals. So and even within religious people, the more fundamentalists are outbreeding, the more lukewarm, so to speak. So if you are an atheist or a vegetarian or a Foucauldian  post-structuralist theorist, you are very unlikely to have children. And it just is what it is. In comparison to someone who is nominally Christian, they are going to have three babies to your zero baby. Within Christianity... it is also there are striking differences if you were an episcopalian say you might have a birth rate of one and one and a half children among your community whereas a bible thumping christian or an evangelical or even a snake charmer they're going to be having three or four Between countries, not just within countries, between countries, more fundamentalist people are going to outbreed more secular people. Now, this can happen in surprising ways, because remember, Mexico itself, even though it is Catholic, is suffering serious birth declines, very similar to Italy, you could say. And so what Eric Kaufman is suggesting is if we posit that religiosity is to some degree heritable... no one would say it's 100 percent heritable but to some degree heritable after even a few generations are we going to emerge with a fundamentalist population eric kaufman is kind of himself i like him actually i think he does good work i have criticisms of him, but he seems... I've spoken with him very briefly a couple of times, but anyway, very nice guy, and I appreciate his work. He understands himself. He's written some other very interesting books, one on The Decline of the Wasp and so on. He  He's a very serious man, to quote the Coen brothers. He's a serious man. But he thinks of himself as a secular liberal, a bit like Bill Maher. He's gone over to the right in the era of woke. But so he laments this trend because he might feel that he would be out of place in a fundamentalist Christian society. But it's a very strong argument.  And data bears it out. Now, one major countervailing force is the death of God more generally. So church attendance has been declining and has been for quite some time. If we look back at the age of Eisenhower, you were...  It's unusual, if not a freak, if you weren't going to church on Sundays. Church attendance weekly was in the 90s, and you could say Jewish temple attendance as well. Other religions were few and far between.  It has been declining. Now, there have been little blips here and there. Mainstream church attendance actually increased during COVID and afterward, which is sort of funny. It's always the case that what people are complaining about is the opposite of the truth. They're like, you know, the government's trying to destroy churches or whatever. And then you actually look at the data and it was like mainline Protestants and Catholics had a little blip and very interesting. um but it has been declining and there's been a general death of God in the sense that we're all atheists now to some degree and is is this just a a we live in a secular age uh is this is this a kind of countervailing force to this demographic trend or might something else happen where there there are trends and waves but they don't last forever maybe we saw we've witnessed the height of secularization And we're going to also witness this fundamentalist revolt at the death of God that's been happening for 18th century and on, this fundamentalist reaction to that where religion sort of becomes stupider in a way, but also more primal and energetic and maybe more relevant precisely for those things. wow all sort of all very big questions but all of this is in the background of generally declining birth rates and I would just say to people, I remember seeing this tweet over the weekend, and this sort of sparked my desire to talk about this. But someone was saying, the birth dearth is here. It is unstoppable.  If you're low on strategic oil reserves, you could go find some more oil and make it up. But you can't find the generation that never happened, basically. Those children that weren't born can't be born anew. And so we are going to head into catastrophic situations. You need to become self-sufficient and good. get in touch with a tightly knit community so that you can handle this just all of this downward pressure on our economy it's going to collapse because the lack of people etc etc i just think this is fundamentally wrong and it is born out by history that it is wrong so first off i've been to japan i've been to tokyo in fact fascinating place so many cool things there i couldn't imagine living there and even in the hotel it be or experiencing the hotels where we were i i could not imagine having 75 square feet to call my own and to live like that and to enter a bathroom that is smaller than a toll booth or a phone booth rather. It's just too much. I can't take it. And isn't there a natural way in which fertility, first off, is going to decline in that situation just merely for a lack of space, this dog-eat-dog world where you can barely afford anything? Isn't fertility going to decline in a kind of psychic way of you collectively know on some level that you are overstretching the carrying capacity and that it would be better for things to decline?  So fertility has been declining for quite some time. It's not just Barack Obama. It's not just the sexual revolution. It is major technological and economic developments in which we left the farm. If you were a farmer, more kids equals more help.  basically. And I don't even think this was bad. I think a factory labor for a nine-year-old is in all likelihood inhumane. Labor on a farm of a nine-year-old, I'm not even that convinced that that's a bad thing. Going out and fetching some eggs or milking a cow, probably good for a nine-year-old. You're outside in the sunlight, et cetera.  But that was the economy at the time. You are sitting on hundreds of acres. More people, the better. We're not living in a period of agricultural dominance. Thus, you're going to just naturally have fewer kids. Your unconscious is telling you that, and you're going to refrain. The second aspect of this is what I said on how history will bear out that declining populations is not that bad. There's actually a big silver lining. The classic example of this is the Black Death in the 14th century and thereabouts. fleas on rats i be i believe was the culprit they were brought over from the east on merchant ships the black death when you read about it is probably the most horrifying thing you can imagine it was also a great social leveler it would bring down the aristocracy it would bring down the beggar it would bring down the priest it would bring down the baker And if you were living through that, you could be forgiven for just actually believing that the end of the world was occurring. But there's just a basic law of supply and demand. The people who were lucky enough to have an immune system that allowed them to survive the Black Death...  We're entering a constricted supply of labor. Basic supply and demand. If there are fewer people to do stuff, you're going to have to pay them more. You are bidding on a smaller labor pool. If you have a surplus of labor, then...  They have to bid on you. I need my apartment cleaned. Let's say there's one teenager who is able to do this and he would rather play video games. Would you do it for 10 bucks an hour? No.  20, 30, 40, 50, you're bidding on him. If I'm surrounded by hundreds of illegal immigrants at Home Depot and I need my apartment cleaned, they'll be like, I'll do it for 10. I'll do it for five. I'll do it for two and a half. Just basic laws of supply and demand create this. So the black death by eliminating a third and in some cases a half of the population changed the economics so it wasn't even skilled labor that they were after but in some ways unskilled labor was getting or were getting higher wages and you have a basic concept of the middle class emerging out of the horror of the black death one of the most remarkable things now  Fast forward to 2025. What are people, what are Zoomers complaining about? I could never possibly afford a home. My grandfather bought a home for $10,000 and it's now worth 2 million. That's not even exaggeration. I imagine there are many situations like that.  And I now can't afford the $2 million house. Well, I've got good news for you. If there are less people, that is going to inherently create a greater supply of housing. We don't need to build pop-ups everywhere. We don't need to create all of these high-rise homes. apartment buildings in northern virginia where millennials can rent 900 square feet and netflix themselves to death we don't have to do that actually the we have plenty of housing if the population is declining um  Getting into good schools if you're an undergraduate. Population declining means that there is less demand on basic goods. What does that mean? Lower prices. If you have a army of migrants coming into your town, just by brute economic necessity, the convenience store is going to start jacking up the price of candy bars and everything else. There are too many people that want too few goods. The most basic organic form of inflation that there is. Inflation is too many dollars chasing too few goods, and you can create more dollars, of course. But this is too many consumers chasing too few goods. Inherently inflationary. And so there are really serious...  silver linings to this. Elon talks about AI. I am a massive AI skeptic, but I'm not such an AI skeptic that I don't think it is going to be labor saving to a significant degree. i don't think it's going to take over the world where it has a mind of its own and i think there are huge cultural issues with ai need to be talked about but of course it's going to make life just better around the edges why do we need to be pumping out children like  We're those American Gothic farmers in 1890, and we need more hands to milk the cows. Why would we be doing that if we are living in 2025 with all the problems that I just set out and with all of these technical innovations, which are present uh at this very moment i just i don't understand elon's obsession with the birth rate and the notion that just more people is that more people are  is higher prices if you don't increase production. And we have a hard time increasing production. That's the whole abundance fascination, which is basically like libertarianism. Let's just cut through red tape so we can have more high-rise apartments in Northern Virginia. We don't have enough of those as it is. That's all they're basically saying. Let's let's tamp down the ecological environmentalist rhetoric here so we can build more housing and thus lower the cost of housing. That's assuming that the production needs to catch up with the supply of people. But what if the supply of people begins to decline? You're just inherently going to have more opportunity.  I just don't understand why people think that lowering population is a threat to anything. Now, what could it be a threat to? It could be a threat to the welfare state. And what is, in effect, a Ponzi scheme? I know I sound like a libertarian now, but they're right about some things.  What is the effect in a Ponzi scheme of long-term entitlements? So those, at least how we run them, they're not necessarily like this, but at least how they have been operated, they are a Ponzi scheme based on a greater population or more and more revenue to these programs that can fill out the entitlement outlays.  Now, lowering population is absolutely a threat to these welfare states. But so what on some... I mean, I'm in my 40s and I don't even know what I think about Social Security. I'm certainly not...  Like, I don't want to retire, first off, being that I do what I do, but I'll never retire. But also, I don't really care about Social Security, and I sort of don't expect to ever receive it. And so I don't know what to say. Like, Elon's, paradoxically, Elon's obsession with birth rates only benefits the thing that he hates most, which is the welfare state. The thing that he wanted to take a chainsaw to is the thing that he is desperately trying to preserve. Ironic.  But overall, I think the obsession with birth rates is totally misplaced. I expect it to come from Catholic nationalists like Pat Buchanan. I find it odd that it's coming from Elon. And I do think that there are issues worth talking about. in terms of lower birth rates lower birth rates among the liberal elite that some of these people are uh celebrating ah serves you right you homos well Liberal elites, last time I checked, actually do quite a bit in terms of promoting culture, local, national, international. They're more likely to be intellectuals. They're more likely to own your local bookstore, independently owned. They're more likely to support the symphony. They're more likely to... fund intellectuals at their universities etc etc i i don't know what to say i think the destruction of the class the class of liberal wasp is actually a huge problem but that's not what elon's talking about in fact they're celebrating that and they want just more and more babies and i think their desires are historically illiterate they are completely misplaced and they seem to be fighting some proxy war upon something else but it's not going to work so anyway those are just my initial thoughts in this matter um  You can jump in first, RFH. I know you have something to say about this. Well, I guess I agree with what you're saying. It's just that I don't think that any of, almost any of these people actually care about the birth rate. I think the birth rate is just a way to slip in other things that they want. Um,  Particularly with, I don't know, like culture war stuff. I don't think they actually care about the number of people going up, really. I don't really think they're worried about that. I think it's just a way to kind of moralize and pretend that they just don't I don't want this return of life in the 50s and how that looked of women back in the house and they don't have jobs and they're forced to have sex with me. But in the terms of actual number of people, I don't think they really care about that. I think it's just a way to disguise these other things that they want because they don't want to...  I don't know. They want to make it seem more virtuous or more moral somehow. So they just couch it in this concern about babies and we don't have enough people. And yeah, I just I don't think the average person talking about this really actually cares about the number of people that exist in the country.  They just want women pumping out babies. They want to inspire women to not want to go to the workplace and stay home pumping out babies. The deal would be that you get free sex for life because the woman is not independent, walking around in Lululemon, eating the running of guys, drinking too many smoothies. at the club earning her own well when you put it that way i kind of agree with the right wing on this one we should crush this it becomes clear whenever you see these videos of the latest woman that they're just like screeching at like the the one the other day with yeah the woman she's out what getting matcha and going to pilates and they're just raging at her it's it's  Yeah, again, it's just this class resentment. It's just, I don't like that these people have things that I don't have or I don't have access to. And somehow the birth rate to them, if we just make them have babies, then everything will be equal because you'll also be stuck at home, not being able to do all these fun things that I'm not able to do, but I'm constantly being exposed to on social media. I think they see it as almost this equalizer thing that they don't have to be reminded of sort of wealth inequality that exists in America and that keeps going up. If everyone is just focused on family values and having children, maybe people's lives don't look as starkly different from each other and they don't have to be reminded on the things they're missing out on because things will be...  I don't know, like smaller, more old world, more simple. And we'll all have that sort of in common. We'll all just be at home with kids. We won't be out vacationing, living, you know, these modern, fabulous lifestyles or something. I do think a lot of it's just class resentment or the idea that they're missing out on something or that they're not able to, yeah, access the sex that they want. I think the birth rate, again, like they're just using that to hide the actual... thing that they want or that they're scared of but they don't quite want to say it so explicitly so they have to couch it in this idea of like oh well you know it just seems more virtuous to just say well we just want to return to family values and we want to return to like having children around that sounds a lot more wholesome than just saying like yeah I'm jealous I'm being left out I'm being left behind I'm angry I'm sexless yes i i i do agree i'm looking up the person who made this argument i'm forgetting her name at the moment but in defense of the chuds um i i it's not like it's totally wrong in the sense that  If you have children, that does inspire a kind of baseline conservative lifestyle in some way. It is more difficult to... go to the White Lotus in Thailand, you know, if, if you've got kids at home, it becomes more expensive. And do you want to drag them to this luxury resort and, and have them complaining the whole time? Um, So it sort of prevents that lifestyle, and you're more likely to go to church if only to give the kids a little something to do in some little community. A little structural community. Structure to their life, and you can meet friends and so on. So, I mean, I think there is something to this, and I guess to defend the chuds a little bit more,  Don't you think there is this overlay of the economy? We've become a kind of knowledge economy or whatever, service economy, but isn't a lot of the service economy this sort of frivolous...  single bourgeois man and woman stuff. Like, why are you going to barre class? Like, why are you paying $100 an hour to learn barre or however the hell you pronounce that workout trend from seven years ago? Yeah, Pilates. pure bar yeah pilates is now the the thing um maybe i should you know pick up on it should you really be paying 200 for a massage i mean that oh you know  Yeah. Pickleball is infinitely more defensible. I think the boomers love pickleball. Yeah. But pickleball, I'll defend pickleball. First off, it is fun, and it's more relaxed than tennis. And how much does a pickleball racket cost? Yeah, it's like a fabulous... thing yeah and then you can just play you can what do you you spend 50 bucks on a pickleball set and then you just go play for years and you know and it absolutely is you can get it the boomers are dropping like flies due to pickleball it's yeah you know it's it's a bigger boomer killer than heart disease at this point uh i don't know how many are dying but they are definitely tearing their mcls so um  But I would defend pickleball. But don't you sort of cringe a bit at the yuppie, affordable, luxury economy that we've created where it's sort of like, none of this is necessary and this is kind of stupid. And the Wasp elites of the past would like...  build an opera house or an orphanage or an amazing public garden or something. Or even their church. They were civic minded and high class and kind of pretentious. And the yuppies of today are doing yoga. Like, I don't know. I'm just defending the chuds here for a little bit.  It's not like the chuds to bash the chuds. It's not like the chuds are doing anything interesting. They're just shutting out on video games. And I think they'd be doing it if they weren't so down really mobile too. I don't think they'd really be any different. I think at the end of the day, it's just envy. If you hand a chud a hundred grand, he's going to pick up Pilates in that very moment. It's probably kind of true actually. Yeah.  Yeah, I do think it's about a lot of the birth rate stuff. It's not just about holding back women, but holding back the upper middle classes in general that they feel that they have been locked out of. Because of inflation and everything, it's almost like you have to be upper middle class to just be what was middle class before. I think it's actually like...  I've heard this actually somewhere. It's like 200 grand is equivalent to 75 grand 25 years ago in terms of your ability to afford. So making 75 grand was good money. You could go on a vacation and so on. And you need to be in the 200K level, which again, it's surprising. Like at 200K level, you're in the 2% or 1% of the population. I know.  It's very few people. So more and more people can't seem to afford what was a basic middle-class existence. And I get the resentment and I get feeling locked out and angry. But this answer of just make these people...  have kids and stop going on vacation. Yeah. I don't know. I just, I think it's a little silly. I just, I don't, I don't think that's the solution and I don't think that's, what's going to make them happy and fulfilled at the end of the day. Are they going to women just stopped drinking their matcha? Then I'll be okay. Yeah.  Gen Z girl boss with a hoop. I forgot what they said. It was a bob and a mini. Itty bitty titties and a hoop or something. Gen Z boss and a mini. That was just unbearable. I found that unbearable. Just speaking for all men. I'm sure it's annoying, but the amount of discourse of these people saying this radicalized me is... That's a bit ridiculous. Well, it's also, didn't they work for like... They work for a skincare company. They weren't stealing jobs from men. That's true. What man wants to go work at a skincare company? A gay man who would probably be into that sort of thing. Yes, exactly. Right. Yeah.  Bronze Age pervert, most effective. Yeah, Bronze Age pervert. I didn't know you had such a dream of selling moisturizer. So the skincare thing is the relevance of fake tan hands in a hoop, fake tan hands in a hoop, fake tan hands in a hoop. Wow. Yeah, I ultimately, I think you're ultimately right where, you know...  What did Oscar Wilde say? Everything is about sex? Except for sex. Except for sex. I'm paraphrasing. When people talk about the world, they're talking about sex. But when they talk about sex, they're talking about power. And I do think that that's a profound statement. And so...  What they ultimately want is that deal, which is free sex for life. And the way they're going to get it is to destroy the yuppie economy so that these women will just desperately be asking to live in your home and spread their legs. Popping out babies.  doing what you want. And yeah, I, I, I agree that that's what it's about. Begging for chud dick. Yeah. But again, I, you're the people who are operating on that, primal level aren't really addressing the issues that I was talking about earlier, where how many problems would be solved by having the population? And I'm not... If Thanos just snapped his fingers, how many just immediate things that people are complaining about would be solved? Now, obviously, Thanos isn't real and I'm not calling for mass genocide or something. But what I am saying is you're hitting the limits of carrying capacity.  And so there's going to be just a natural, unconscious desire to retreat from pumping out kids. You know, there's this fascinating thing, and I think I even mentioned it earlier on the show, there was a baby boom in Germany. Now, wouldn't you say that after having been humiliated, unconditional surrender...  Nazis, the brand had been destroyed beyond imagination. You wanted to deny the fact that you were ever involved with the Nazi party if you had been. Your cities were bombed.  etc. Yet, what happened? There was a massive booming economy afterwards that was built on the back of a baby boom immediately after the Second World War in Germany. Now, Many explanations for that, but I think one of them would be that there's more to genetics than what you can see in that 23andMe account. There's something...  collective that makes you want to have children in a dire situation like that. You get the fact, consciously and unconsciously, that a bunch of young men have just been slaughtered and you better produce some more young men. And I think that that's just simply real. And I know it's kind of woo-woo the way that I'm talking about it, but it's borne out in history.  So again, it's like, what has created the situation that we have right now? What is on a fundamental primal collective level, what has created the birth dearth? Caring capacity, that's huge, but also just too much comfort. I mean, this is another thing I hear from right-wingers, which is like, you know, we can't afford anything. Like, who would have a kid in this environment? The exact opposite is the case. If you've just suffered catastrophic defeat, your life force... tells you go pop out kids tomorrow is another day you know we need men should be warriors women should birth warriors all else is folly to quote Nietzsche I mean there's just something in you a life spirit that tells you commands you to do that So is the problem, like the birth rate issue, is that problem really deriving from the fact that we're all oppressed and impoverished or whatever? We live like kings. We live better than kings. Here I'm just outright quoting the White Lotus, which I saw recently. But we live better than kings. We live in a kind of opulence. It is... outside of some rare and unfortunate circumstances it is very difficult to really just starve to death there are soup kitchens there are food banks you can go purchase 200 calories for two bucks yeah the change you can find in your couch is  you can use to go buy some ramen noodles or just a Snickers bar or whatever. What is the issue? What is the issue facing us? It's obesity. That is the issue ravaging the lower classes, not starvation. Let's just get real. You're not really oppressed, even though life does sort of suck on many levels, I'll grant you. You're not actually oppressed. And what has that led to? That's led to a birth dearth.  So if anything, you want greater oppression. You want greater stress and struggle in order to inspire people to have children. We're too comfortable. There's too much, there's too great a supply of labor. It makes things too easy. Anyway, it's just a much more complicated issue than why don't these blue-haired liberals go pop out babies? And popping out babies is good. It's more complicated than that.  Yeah, pretty much every reason that people give about the birth rate is just completely wrong. And I've talked about that a lot before on Twitter. Everyone just wants to blame their pet issue on...  the birth rate. And then therefore, if my solution for fixing the birth rate is actually going to fix this other pet issue that I care about. But at the end of the day, I just think it's natural that the birth rate will go down when you industrialize. That's the pattern that you see in every economy as it industrializes. And you get away from agriculture and you become more wealthy. And again, like you said, you become more opulent and you have more comfort. You're just going to see  fewer births. I mean, this even happens with animals. Animals don't mate in captivity. It's hard to get them often to breed. So it seems to be a natural law. That's what happens. It's not whatever pet thing you want to blame it on. It's just a natural consequence of having comfort, having more stuff, having things come more easily. You're just going to have fewer kids. yeah and we can't get out of our cages like we're not going back to the 1890s when agriculture made up like 75 of the economy or something i mean yeah that just does not make sense the only thing that would inspire that would be like a cataclysmic nuclear war or something yeah and uh you know that's obviously not something you should count on um so yeah um anyone else have any comments did we miss anything i have some more things in the scratch pad but  Feel like we reached a natural end. So over under on Trump dying. I was saying earlier, I was like, maybe he's not unwell. It's just this is what he looks like without his spray tan. He did look more orange again today. I mean, he looked better.  Yeah. He looks terrible when I guess he doesn't have a spray can and he's wearing a white golf shirt. Yes. He looks quite terrible. I think it really washes him out. Sweaty. Yeah, it washes him out. Austin, you wanted to jump in? Go ahead. Can you hear me, Richard? Yes, I can.  Okay, so the chorus thing. Have you heard it? Did you see that on Breaking Points today or them talking about that thing that happened with... David Pakman I believe where he was oh I did hear about that the chorus yeah which is a interestingly named thing I can talk about this slightly to be honest I'm I can even play the breaking points thing if you want I'll just give you my take on it um  There is no doubt a lot of coordination and funding for right-wing influencer slop culture. I don't think the Republican Party or any sort of 501c3 charity invented Joe Rogan or something. But there have been for some time a lot of funding for basically right-wing slop and just coordination. There's that influenceable newsletter that goes around. I remember we heard about that when they were...  demanding that everyone attack Nick Flinders as a Fed and so on. There's just a sort of racket among conservatives. So I don't think the liberals have done this precisely because of the asymmetry to it all, where the liberals control the New York Times.  So why would you create influencers? You know, you control the major legitimate bipartisan post apolitical or post political or instrument of power. Why would you want to create like a David Pakman type influencer who's just talking all day from a liberal perspective?  I think things are changing now. And that basic assumption is breaking down. And I think it's fair. I mean, I wouldn't overrate it, but I think it's fair to say that the GOP won due to the podcast economy. Because people, like at one point, the podcast economy, which I am part of,  That was like your... secondary source of news you know it was like okay well I'll watch the evening news and I'll read the San Francisco Chronicle or New York Times or Wall Street Journal but then you know I'm really into it and I'm an intellectual so I'll also listen to this podcaster where he'll give me another take or go behind the headlines and things like that  We've crossed through the looking glass. And at this point, there are average people who only listen to Tim Pool while they're driving or while they're working.  I've noticed this. I've mentioned this before on the show, but I've noticed this one greeter at a barbecue joint. She had one AirPod in and one AirPod out. She was like, oh, hey, yeah, you want a table? And I was like, why do you have an AirPod? You're listening to a podcast right now. And I've also noticed even at the grocery store, younger Zoomers, they're stocking the shelves, but they have the over-the-ear headphones on.  And I don't even think they're listening to music. I think they're listening to the new background music of our time or wallpaper of our age, which is the podcast. And so they're not they they.  they wouldn't pick up a hard copy of the New York Times to save their life. They don't even know what this stuff is. And they're watching social media, looking at TikTok and not something else. So the secondary sources replace the primary source. And so those liberal institutions that had so much power are now weaker in comparison with this burgeoning monster that is the podcast sphere. That's my general take on it. But to be honest, they have an over... I mean, I watched...  who was it? It was the, uh, it wasn't David Pakman. It was someone who's a lot like him. I think he's a lawyer. Um, I've seen his stuff. He does like Tyler Cohen. Like I think that's who it is. Yeah. Brian Tyler Cohen. So he's in his thirties, perhaps, um, a lawyer type, liberal, smart, good on his feet, all that kind of stuff. And he was behind the creation of this thing called chorus. Um,  from what I can tell. And Taylor Lorenz is exposing it and calling it like dark money to agree with the DNC. I just I just found it like It's almost like jealousy or something where you want to get paid $8,000 a month to do your crap or something. I'm not scandalized by the notion that they're doing this. And I just think it's sort of a nothing burger that was inflated by Taylor Lorenz, who is pretty batty, to be honest. And I think she just sort of doesn't get it.  and is scandalized by the notion that someone would be paid to influence or something. I don't know. That's just my impression of it all. Also, how about the Owen Schroyer thing that happened? Well, let's talk about this first. Let me just... So did breaking points, are they like praising Taylor Lorenz's bravery? Yeah.  Yes, but it comes off as. Okay. Let's just watch a little bit of this. I think this is just delusional on their part, but... Okay, we don't have to watch the whole it's 42 minutes or definitely I'm a little bit obsessed with it. So Taylor Lorenz over at wired magazine really breaking some significant news here about an incubator program funded by a Dem aligned dark money super PAC called the 1630 fund. so let's put her reporting up on the screen and i want to break down very specifically what she reports out in this piece so her headline here is a dark money group is secretly funding high-profile democratic influencers an initiative aimed at boosting democrats online offers influencers up to eight thousand dollars a month to push the party line all they have to do is keep it secret  and agree to restrictions on their content. So the TLDR here is that this incubator named Chorus was set up by Brian Tyler Cohen, who you guys probably know is a big like resistance creator on YouTube, giant channel, four million subscribers, et cetera.  And a guy who used to be an aide for John Yarmuth, who was a congressman from Kentucky. So they set up this thing. And the way they fund it is by taking money from this billionaire-backed dark money super PAC called the 1630 Fund.  That fund has spent hundreds of millions of dollars to back Democratic candidates and causes. It's very influential. It's very well known. You can read a bunch of reporting about it. But because it is a dark money group, their donors are kept a secret. OK, so 90 plus Democratic Party aligned influencers were selected for this program. They're paid anywhere from $250 a month, which like we all are really selling  for the cheap if you're on that plan, but we'll get back to that. All the way up to $8,000 a month. It has everybody from small creators I certainly had never heard of. Granted, I'm not on TikTok that much, so I'm not trying to like smirch the level of their influence. But all the way up to people like David Pakman, who has a multi-million sub channel, who has already been quite successful and has been around for longer actually than we have. David Pakman's been in this game for a long time. So it's like everybody from the small and the brand new all the way up to the David Pakmans of the world. So specifically, Taylor was able to talk to people who were approached about participating in this program, some of whom were put off by the terms of the contract and said, this is not something that I can be a part of. She was given access to some of the group chats that were flying around between some of the people who did end up in the cohort, who were also expressing concerns about some of the terms of the contract. And she also apparently was able to get her hands on the contract themselves. And so here's specifically what the contracts that it says were viewed by Wired, what they indicated in terms of restrictions on the way these individuals can operate. So according to copies of the contract viewed by Wired, creators in the program must funnel all bookings with lawmakers and political leaders through chorus. Creators also have to loop Chorus in on any independently organized engagement with government officials or political leaders. So one of the creators who was approached about participating in Chorus said to Taylor, she said, quote, if I want to work with another politician, I have to fully collaborate with Chorus. If I get Zoran and he wants to do an interview with me, I don't want to give that to them. So that was one of the concerns. Also, it says creators in the program are not allowed to use any funds or resources that they receive as part of the program to make content that supports or opposes any political candidate or campaign without express authorization from Chorus in advance and in writing per the contract. So if they want to support a candidate, Graham Plattner, let's say in Maine, they have to get approval from Chorus before they can say anything supportive of any sort of candidate or campaign. In addition, the contracts reviewed by Wired prohibit standard partnership disclosures, declaring that creators will not publicize their relationship with Chorus or tell others that they're members of the program, quote, without Chorus's prior express consent. A screenshot from a slideshow was shared with Wired following this article's publication by Graham Wilson, a lawyer working with Chorus that offers several talking points if a member of the cohort wanted to discuss Chorus publicly. So they're expressly saying, you can't talk about being in this program.  and certainly can't disclose the dark money funding of this program. They also forbid creators from disclosing the identity of any funder and give chorus the ability to force creators to remove or correct content based solely on the organization's discretion if that content was made at a chorus-organized event. One other piece that I thought was really noteworthy, Sagar, is it also says you are not allowed to criticize any of the other influencers who are part of the chorus program. So, for example, if you have a beef over David Pakman either not saying anything about Gaza or in the early days of the genocide, he was actively defending Israel. If you have a problem with that and you're an influencer in this cohort and you want to talk about it, you are banned from doing that. So you have a combination of a lot of restrictions on the way that you operate having to run things through this chorus program. You have the forced secrecy around it that you're not allowed to disclose chorus and you're certainly not allowed to disclose the funding source of chorus. And then you also on top of that have these requirements that they check in, that they go to these daily messaging meetings  to get the view, of course. And we're going to show you some of the responses from the creators themselves about the revelation that they're part of this program. And they actually affirm that, yes, much of this is, in fact, true. They show relevant parts of the contract and then give reasons why it's not such a big deal and it's not really a problem. But they actually confirm Taylor's reporting here. So this seems pretty rock solid at this point. okay so let's put that aside i think the question is about why is this important i think it's important not only for the context of what you laid out about specific issues but it is an incentive and e media ecosystem which is so much worse than allegedly what the dem and republican alternative medias were trying to go after like look we can say a lot of bad things about jake tapper msnbc cnn fox news they do not get direct checks cut to them they that specifically say you can't criticize x y and z they are actually less controlled in this particular way and so that's what i think i wanted to cover the story and i want people to grapple with that is that in this new ecosystem just like in the original days of the printing press it's gone wild the norms don't exist everybody is a creator and a business person they have not had well-established norms  to try and create a firewall, a separation. Probably the most important is nobody is thinking about the downstream consequences of that. Because originally you're like, oh, you know, a couple thousand a month. Great. I can pay my bills. I can do this. I don't have to have a second job and all that. But you don't ask what comes next. And, you know, two people who've been in this industry now for a long time and experienced much of the downside of what that type of stuff looks like. Now, to be clear, I've never taken a single dollar from a Republican grouper. any of that type of stuff in the same way, which, you know, again, I don't really know how you ever thought it was cool. Because even when I was absolutely broke, I never would have signed some sort of contract like that. But the point remains that I think most of them didn't think about it. And now they're retreating to their corners because for them, they have to defend it at this point. But really, you are either controlled, quasi-controlled, or at the very least, you are not truly free to say, what you want now the mainstream is controlled in a separate way right as in fox news guys can't criticize criticize each other they also know that if they cover x y or z that's not going to look so nice to rupert murdoch or to lachlan who are you know rabidly pro-israel and pro-ukraine so there's all these separate you know issues and incentive structures that come with them so don't get me wrong that obviously exists the mainstream media and i still hate them for a variety of reasons but this is really really bad and it is bad because i think that the democrats in particular i know that there are a lot of dems they're energized they're ready you know we're going to talk about trump health everybody wants to be online having fun and resisting but you're being part of a machine and that machine is being controlled for very specific purposes and ends which unite may not be aware of that's what i think is very important  Right, and it would be one thing if this was disclosed. Yeah, that's right. And what they say is, oh, well, here are some videos where people did talk about being in Chorus, and here's a Chorus website, and it lists some of the creators who were participating in the program, so there was some disclosure. Was there disclosure around a dark money super PAC funding this? No, there was not. So there's a reason why Taylor had to do an investigative journalism piece in order to reveal the details of this program. It expressly prohibits them in the contract from disclosing their funders, specifically from disclosing their participation in the program. And, you know, in terms of like  the ethics of all of this, that is almost the biggest red line here. Because listen, it's very complicated, all of the different business structures within quote-unquote independent media, right? Most places are different from us. Most of them will do ad reads. which means they're directly talking to advertisers, actually much more direct relationship than like, for example, when I was at MSNBC, there was a firewall between the hosts and the, you know, people who are selling ads. You had no idea what was on during the commercial break. That wasn't your bit, you know, you had, you were not paying attention to that. That had no bearing on your like day to day. So, you know, there's that, but at least,  That's up front. Everybody knows I'm paid to read this ad for Casper mattresses or whatever the heck it is, you know, Zins or whatever thing that they're selling. So that's up front. And, you know, frankly, those corporate interests are going to only collide with your coverage in sort of certain specific instances. Whereas if you are backed by this kind of group where you're going to daily messaging check-ins, you're having to run by them. You're supposed to run by them. Every government official that you interview and you have other restrictions on your content and they have a specific, they mention in one of these contracts that actually in the response video, one of the members of the cohort put up a part of the contract and referred to Chorus's policy platform. So like, what is that? And are you having to buy into a certain set of  I get it. I feel like they're more scandalized than I am because I guess I just sort of don't have any faith in independent media. And so I'm just not terribly shocked by this. What they just said is absolutely true. You had these institutions that  That created ethical boundaries. They had legal departments on hand that would offer some advice, not they would not give up sources. They certainly the journalist was not getting directly paid by.  an advertiser, and so on. They would triangulate stories and get the facts. Because the institution are multi-million dollar institutions, they could be sued.  directly and pay up. So they have an incentive not to publish something that's outright libelous. So they've lost all these things. Now, again, all of these same people complained about the dying mainstream media and how it should be replaced by authentic creators and how the dying mainstream media, no one trusts them anymore because they supported the Iraq war or COVID restrictions or whatever. And you should go to these independent people. Well, no one's independent from politics. Like,  You're not really independent from this polarized two-party system that we live in. You are pushing in one direction. And you're very often conscious of that and openly doing it. And secondly, yeah, it's very easy to create a chorus of people who are all pushing in the same direction. uh back the palestinians or something but they indirectly do that by in the same way that the mainstream media indirectly supported israel by basically this is all the news that's fit to print which was the longtime slogan of the new york times you're not going to hire a palestinian advocate i remember this just takes me back a little bit 20 years ago when i was at duke There was actually a hiring decision on someone who was a professor and was perhaps worthy of being hired and given tenure. He had basically given up any sort of research and academic writing. It was just focusing on blogging about the Middle East. And he was anti-Israel, anti-US empire, pro-Palestine, pro-Arab Muslim, et cetera.  And it was just sort of like, I remember overhearing these things. I was a graduate student. I certainly wasn't making the call myself, but I remember overhearing these discussions of who is this person? Should we really have them here? Well, all of that is basically all the news that's fit to print. That person won't be hired, but  Because they don't want to hear those voices. So they don't have to directly tell you, you can't criticize Israel. They have already selected you to not criticize Israel.  And this is just sort of how the world has always worked. And I don't know, I lament the rise of the alternative slot media. So I'm not exactly scandalized by hearing this. In fact, professionalizing these people is probably a good thing.  There's someone overseeing them. There's someone wrangling the cats or walking the dog. And isn't that good?  I don't know. The other thing, as Sagar well knows, this of course is happening on the right. The entire CPAC infrastructure and can you get a job at a college for some pro-life group or in the coctopus promoting libertarianism. All of that was a way of, in effect, subsidizing people in order to create more content and get involved in those communities. If there weren't billions of dollars behind these cock-backed think tanks or free market groups or pro-lifers or whatever, then these people would go have to get a real job flipping burgers and they wouldn't be in some way, shape or form promoting the conservative cause.  So this is not new. I agree there is something sort of devious about influencing someone, getting them on the same page. But this isn't new. And maybe professionalization isn't a bad thing.  Every institution has an agenda. And even if they claim they love free speech, and you can even, you know, the New York Times can criticize the New York Times. We have an ethics columnist, in fact. We have watchdog groups. Even in those situations,  it's still all the news that's fit to print. You have been selected because you went to a good school. You got a journalism degree. They've looked at your social media. They've looked at your previous writing and they know that you're on the same page with them. And that's why you got hired. So yes, within those confines, you have free speech, but it's selected free speech.  This is how it's just always been. This is just a new variation of this. And I think the real problem is to ever believe that the internet is like authentic or something. You can get the truth from the internet. I think that's just a totally false belief. And maybe a good thing about this is that it disabuses people of this, but just my thoughts. I think your point is proven by the fact that none of these liberals will ever say that Hamas have a right to self-defense and they have a right to fight for their homeland, just the same as Israel do. They say, oh, it's bad for both sides to kill anybody, but none of them will take that brave moral stance and say, well, if you invade their homes, they have a right to shoot back at you. right none of them will say that even the ones criticizing this even the ones taking taylor linside won't say that of course not so because they know they'd lose their job exactly or they'd be canceled by the liberals and lose influence or whatever i mean again i don't the other thing i i don't even know what to say but like  Let me just defend the liberal Jews here for a moment. Who is more factually accurate, Joe Rogan or David Pakman and Brian Tyler Cohen? To ask the question is to answer it. Now, there's no doubt that David Pakman and Brian Tyler Cohen are partisans to varying degrees, not completely, but to a significant degree. They have an agenda. Do I really love their content and takes? No, but what would I rather watch if I wanna sort of learn about what's happening?  David Pakman, Sam Seder, who I don't think was involved in this? Or do I want to watch some demented retard talk about aliens on Joe Rogan? I just don't really buy the outrage. Someone says I would rather listen to Joe Rogan for the lulls. Yeah, that's fair enough.  And it's not like we're shocked, shocked that David Pakman is a basic bitch centrist liberal. I mean, it's like, yeah, we kind of knew that. Yes.  I even heard an independent journalist recently said this. He said, there's just so much slop out there, independent media, this podcast world that we're all mentally living in now, this podcast headspace everyone's in. You're better informed, relatively speaking, not that it isn't a problematic source in some ways, but you really are better informed just reading the New York Times a bit every day than you are listening to these alt-media podcasts. Yes, absolutely.  The New York Times podcast, The Daily, is a very good morning listen. I would unironically recommend it. and checking out the homepage of the New York times, just seeing what's going on, seeing the, even if you think of it in a critical way of like, I want to know how the established Jewish establishment is thinking so I can get inside their head. Even if you want to tell yourself that that's fine, that is better than listening to Tim pool with the exception, of course, when I'm on Tim pool, which is very rare, but has occurred.  Dionysius, Richard? Richard, why are you talking about Dionysius? And then he's like, let me check Wikipedia on this. All right, he's right. He checks out, yeah. that that is one of my that is maybe my favorite video of all time when i'm saying something granted a bit unusual but but grounded and like the the comments are like this guy is a kamala voter like libtard alert like what is he talking about please shut up like that's that's the audience anyway um it's it's funny i i'm glad actually you brought this up austin because i think it's worth saying this like i'm not even just to be fair i'm not even totally against like transparency on this um but just the sort of getting scandalized about dark money or something what what what do you like yeah it's it's money  You're calling it dark just to scare people. This is how the world works.  Yeah, what does that mean? I've never heard of that term until... To be overly fair, what it means is that if you give more than $5,000 to a 501c3, it's public or something. But if you are not getting a tax deduction, you're forming a money pool, it can be opaque. That's the most fair reading of what dark money is. But let's be honest, they're just saying dark money to scare you.  It's a bunch of fucking rich liberals.  How about an NGO, though? I don't want to get into the weeds here, but I'm saying, what's an NGO, then, compared to that? A non-governmental organization. It's not the government, but it could be a 501c3. It could be working overseas or domestically. But it might very well be funded by the government. A lot of USAID money went to these organizations. I guess it doesn't even have to technically be a charity.  Just some non-governmental entity. Yeah. But again, it's like, do you honestly believe that like...  like North Korea is funding David Pakman or something? Like, no, I imagine it's a rich liberal who lives in Northern Virginia or San Francisco who, you know, put his chips in and gave 250 grand along with his friends to some group. And that money trickles down to some TikTok creator  Who's like, guys, there's a genocide on, a genocide against the trans, you know? Or like, guys, Joe Biden, like, he's as smart as a whip. He's not demanding. Like, guys, I really hate Donald Trump. Like, it's just, it is what it fucking is. I'm not even, I'm not endorsing it or condemning it. It just is what it is.  Owen Scheuer, I know you mentioned him. I didn't even watch his video, but the idea is that he quit Infowars because he was criticizing Trump too much or he was fired from Infowars because he's gone Groyper. He's going to do his own thing. He says he wants to be the next Rush Limbaugh. That's his take. He wants to be the Rush Limbaugh of Zoomers. I'm like, I guess that's an interesting escapade. Yeah.  We have the Rush Limbaugh of Zoomers already. It's Nick Fuentes. And whether you can do that is questionable because Nick Fuentes did it on his own. I don't think Owen Scheuer is untalented at all, but he sort of like rode the wave of Alex Jones. He's kind of like a mini Alex Jones in many ways.  He sounds a lot like Alex Jones. He has that gravelly voice, and he's from Texas or the South, and you could mistake him for Alex Jones if you're... senile demented person just think that that is alex jones in fact um i mean go for it but it's again i don't think he's untalented but he also didn't create it on his on his own whereas nick fuentes created it on his own and he's been nick fuentes has benefited from alex jones and and others but he did it on his own and owen rode the wave of alex jones so whether he's going to be big independently remains to be seen he's better off going to go help adam green i'm not sure there's something there could help him that'd be an interesting owen and alex adam green but is owen is i presume not an atheist i'm pretty sure owen's a christian  Yeah, maybe. I'm sure that would make a good dynamic. I'm not sure about that. Anyway, that's fine. Anyway. All right, gents. Let's just call it quits there. Good talk. Donald Trump is alive, and we are all dead, in fact. I don't know. I don't...  Weird dynamic going on. I don't know if we're, it's like we fast forwarded to Biden in the first year of the term. And that's interesting. Like we're already at a point where he does seem quite on the edge of disaster, but then you can juice him up and make him look good. Remember, in february or march of 2024 biden gave a state of the union address in which he was sharp and he flubbed a few names here and there but he's always done that and the and the consensus was that he was um fine and talk of senility is overdone  Five months on, everyone was convinced that he was at death's door. So we'll see. We shall see. All right. RFH, thanks for being here as always. It was a very good talk. I will post that and we'll talk to you guys soon. All right. Bye-bye.